title:And Then There Were None
parent:crossoverprojectindex
[[>]]
[[module Rate]]
[[/>]]

[[=]]
> Ten little soldiers, all having crossed the line, 
> One was distracted, and then there were nine. 
> 
> Nine little soldiers, reading books at late,
> One got too tired, and then there were eight.
> 
> Eight little soldiers, two up in heaven, 
> One tried to fly and join them, and then there were seven.
> 
> Seven little soldiers, blowing out the wicks,
> One got lost in the dark, and then there six.
> 
> Six little soldiers, running to the hive, 
> A busy bee stung one, and then there were five. 
> 
> Five little soldiers, wondering who's Blore, 
> One wasn't Wargrave, and then there were four. 
> 
> Four little soldiers, swimming in the sea,
> One swam out too far, and then there were three.
> 
> Three little soldiers, eating up their stew
> One ate too much, and then there were two.
> 
> Two little soldiers, the rest were all gone, 
> One AIMS to hang himself, and then there was one.
> 
> One little soldier, thinking "I should do that again!"
> So we're back to the beginning, 
> 
> And then there were ten.
[[/=]]




[[collapsible show="10.  Adrian Goddard glanced at the poor bastard on the receiving end of  his deflected bullet" hide=" and he carried on running"]]
Larry Sellars ripped open the envelope to his invitation, and converted it into a paper airplane that exploded into a literal fireball when it slammed into the window.  “Considering buying some of your pieces,” he read aloud. “Would like to meet you in person. Meet me at Soldier Island.  Costs and travel will be sorted after you meet with my assistant, Blaine, later today... ring if you cannot make it... blah blah blah... Yours Sincerely, Mr. Rios-Guy.  Huh.  Nice name.  Still, what creatively bankrupt goon names a placed Soldier Island? Christie did that ages ago, mate.”

He stood up, before saying, “Still, good artists copy, great artists steal.” 

------

Jane Anderton read through the email quickly.  An invitation to Devon from somebody she had never heard of did arouse some suspicions, but she needed some time off anyway.  If she hadn’t have sold that damned death clock, she probably wouldn't have been demoted.   Hell, she probably would- //should// have taken that idiot Hartwell’s job if he hadn’t brought up some bullshit about “ethical violations”- like he gave a toss! Like he wouldn't have done the same if he could get away with it, like she would have without the fucking idiot customer leaving their address on the fridge!

“Didn't matter, it was done,” she thought, before looking once more at the address.  Soldier Island.  Wasn’t that the one from that old Agatha Christie book?  She looked at it a final time, before shrugging her shoulders and saying, “Fuck it, why not?” to nobody in particular.  

-------

Corporal Edward Reiben read his letter slowly.  He had put off opening it all day; not out of fear, but out of preserving the anticipation like a child before Christmas.  He didn’t receive any more mail after Sam died.  When he read that Mr. Rios-Guy was hoping to hire three new security staff- and that he was one of them- his first thought was that it was that arsehole Evans playing a trick on him, or some pathetic scam trying to rinse him of his last few pennies.  But... it didn’t ask for any credit card information, and the only thing Evans did was call him, “Reibender,” before Captain Moore told him to back off.  He didn’t mention the letter.  

When Blaine actually arrived at the barracks hidden off somewhere among the Surrey countryside, he hugged him.    

-------
Lev Shevchenko spent five minutes thinking after he had finished his letter- or perhaps fantasizing would be a more accurate term.  He had always wanted to visit England, and with Rios promising to sort out his Visa, it had the potential to turn his life around.  

He spent the next half hour arguing with Mr Blaine over the accompaniment of Alexandra and Vera, his wife and daughter.  Blaine finally compromised by agreeing to pay for their accommodation and travel, but that they would stay in a separate hotel in Devon, more than thirty miles away.   They agreed on that.  

He waited three hours to tell them, saying no more than the occasional hint of a big surprise.  He gathered them in the living room- after assuring Vera many times that she was not in trouble- when he had finally accepted himself what was happening.   

It still didn’t stop him breaking into a massive smile before he could say the words “Very important letter.” 




[[/collapsible]]

------


[[collapsible show="9.  Lawrence Sellars watched as Henri jumped into the pool" hide=" He screamed his name for hours."]]

 The storm raged.  Waves smashed against the side of the Vindication, rain teemed down in its thousands, and the moon’s hue was reduced to a vague haze by the pitch black clouds.  Foundation agent Rawley sat quietly inside, reading slowly over her invitation.  

“Dear Ms. Rawley,  
                               It is my pleasure to invite you to a small social gathering at Soldier Island.   I have been looking for a decent body guard since I acquired the place, and your record indicates you are somebody I would like to have in my organization.  Please consider it.  Funding for your journey will be provided.  My assistant, William Blaine, will arrive shortly. Please contact me if you are unable to attend.
Yours sincerely, 
                           Mr. Rios-Guy”
She had gone for it.  What the hell, it would be a decent excuse for weekend off, and her boss Tanners didn’t have a problem with it.  


She looked up at the ten other people on the boat. The cabin was cramped; ten of them sat in the cabin, while Blaine piloted the boat.  

She turned to the person next to her.  He looked about five years younger than her thirty two, his face clean-shaven and his hair cut short.

“Hey, why’d they hire you?” she asked, more out of boredom than curiosity.  

He responded with a thick American accent. 
“Said they wanted to have a chef.”

“Huh. Security guard.” She extended a hand for him to shake, and he took it.

“Harry Thornton.  Work for the United Independent Utilities, hoping that’s going to change soon.”

“Emma Rawley,” she said, thinking for a moment as to whether to mention that independent and united were mutually exclusive.  

“You know the owner?”

“Mr Rios-guy? Nah, haven’t even seen him, actually.”

“Huh. Neither have I. Hey, you ever read And Then There Were None? Cause, if I didn’t know any better, I’d say this seems like the exact same plot.”

“You a murderer?”

“Yes, as a matter of fact.   Killed a homeless guy just an hour ago,” Thornton said, totally deadpan.  

“Yeah, good one. How long till we get to this damn island anyway?”

“Think that’s it coming up now,” he said, jabbing his slender index finger against the window misted by condensation at the sole light in the endless expanse of the sea.  


Adrian Goddard idly flicked through his e-book on his phone.  He didn’t really understand it- Why was Norton beating up Meeks, when the Helios were dragging Dufay away?-  but, seeing as he lost any signal on his phone twenty minutes ago, he had no other choice, other than to talk to the stupid idiots next to him.  

“Hey, you got any connection?”
 
Goddamn it.  

“Uh, no it’s just something I downloaded.  No connection either.”

“Huh. Hey, I’m Danny, by the way.  Danny Clay. Private investigator, specialize in stopping corporate espionage. Guess this Rios guy… guy doesn’t trust his own employees. Hope that doesn’t apply to us, heh.”  He smiled weakly at his own joke.

“Hmm.  I’m Goddard.  UN corporate executive.  Rios doesn’t even want me for a job, he just decided having a UN bloke around would be good press or something.” 

“Hey, you met Mr Rios? Haven’t heard too much about him.” 

“Neither have I, actually. Odd.”

Mohammed Ayad sat quietly, his arms pressed against the wall in a vain attempt to stop the rocking of the boat to send him flying into the person next to him.  It didn’t work.
“Sorry,” he muttered, and the man responded with the same.

“Hey, you know anything about this Mr Rios? Just wondering, cause I’ve heard basically nothing about him.” 

“Nah, can’t say I do, mate. Only here ‘cause he said he could use a speaker like me at the place for a few hours, and it’s a  free holiday, so why complain? Jay Devers, by the way.”

“Mohammed Ayad,” was all he managed to say before William Blaine shouted through the speakers.

“Uh, we’re coming up to Soldier Island now, if you could please get your possessions and be ready to disembark.”

Ayad and Devers exchanged glances, before grabbing their suitcases and converging with the others onto soldier island.  

The island was small; no landmarks were on it except for the rather large house in its centre.  A few trees grew on the neatly cut grass that surrounded it, a small beach at its front. 

As the roar of the boat’s engine started up again, they all headed off for their rooms, previously located by Blaine. 

Reiben flopped onto his bed.  He was knackered; he had spent the last three hours travelling, and all he wanted to do was sleep.  Still, he’d probably have to meet Mr. Rios.  He dropped his suitcase (“Suitcase wanker!” Brambly had shouted as he left, not maliciously.  Reiben returned a non-malicious middle finger) onto the floor, before a pennant hanging from the wardrobe grabbed his attention.  

It read, in a middle-ages esque text:

[[=]]
> Ten little soldiers, all having crossed the line, 
> One was distracted, and then there were nine. 
> 
> Nine little soldiers, reading books at late,
> One got too tired, and then there were eight.
> 
> Eight little soldiers, two up in heaven, 
> One tried to fly and join them, and then there were seven.
> 
> Seven little soldiers, blowing out the wicks,
> One got lost in the dark, and then there six.
> 
> Six little soldiers, running to the hive, 
> A busy bee stung one, and then there were five. 
> 
> Five little soldiers, wondering who's Blore, 
> One wasn't Wargrave, and then there were four. 
> 
> Four little soldiers, swimming in the sea,
> One swam out too far, and then there were three.
> 
> Three little soldiers, eating up their stew
> One ate too much, and then there were two.
> 
> Two little soldiers, the rest were all gone, 
> One AIMS to hang himself, and then there was one.
> 
> One little soldier, thinking "I should do that again!"
> So we're back to the beginning, 
> 
> And then there were ten.
[[/=]]



Reiben felt a pang of fear.  Just like the book…   Jesus.  Jesus, why the hell had he come here? He was going to die.   He was going to die on this god-forsaken island and he’d done exactly what he told himself he would be clever enough to avoid when he read the damned book, had probably inspired the bastard to do this-

No, he was being ridiculous.  Worst case scenario, it was a prank, a twisted joke. And he wasn’t a murderer.  

Except for Sam.  He couldn’t have known that he’d die.  Hell, he had taken all responsibility if it all went wrong… Commander Moore had cleared him of all blame…

But Armstrong didn’t have a motive, he did it accidently as well… and he probably saved more lives than he killed… and he even stopped drinking.  Didn’t matter to Wargrave, killed him anyway.   And Armstrong’s first name was Edward… 

God, why did he have to fucking invent that piece of shit gun that was supposed to, “Save lives”?     

All he managed to mutter was, “Jesus, Sam, I’m so sorry.”  





There was a knock on the door.  It was the posh bloke whose name he had picked up to be Goddard.

“Hey, Reiben, wasn’t it? Looks like Blaine has set out dinner.  Should get down there before it gets cold.”

Reiben shrugged, and followed Goddard to the dining room.




Meals had been set out on the table, each looking identical. 

“God, I’m starving,” said Clay.  “Let’s eat.”

“Heh.  Let’s hope it’s not poisoned,” Reiben joked.  Nobody laughed.  

[[/collapsible]]

------

[[collapsible show="8. Emma Rawley sent the six of them through the doorway" hide=" One returned"]]

They sat down, and Devers had just taken his first bite when a voice suddenly rang out from the next room.  It was deep, distorted, inhuman.  

“Ladies and Gentlemen, silence, please.” 

They all stared at each other. Had to be a joke, nobody would actually-

“You are charged with the following:

“Commander Adrian Kenneth Goddard of the Global Occult Coalition, you are charged with causing the death of Frederick McPherson.

“Agent Emma  Jane Rawley of the SCP Foundation, you are charged with the deaths of Daniel Denney, William Carlyle, and Geoffrey Betterton.

“Lawrence Daniel Sellars, of Are We Cool Yet?, you are charged with causing the deaths of thirteen people during an anomalous art exhibit. 

“Corporal Edward Richard Reiben of the Chaos Insurgency, you are charged with the manslaughter of Samuel Birch.

“Mohammed Omid Ayad, of the Office for the Reclamation of Islamic Artifacts, you are charged with causing the death of Nicholas Vincent Graves.

“Jane Helen Anderton, of Marshall, Carter, and Dark Ltd, you are charged with causing the death of Charles Jonathan Kimball.

“Daniel Frederick Clay of the Horizon Initiative, you are charged with the murder of an unknown Fifth Church Combatant.    

“Harry Michael Thornton of the Unusual Incidents Unit, you are charged with the death of Kevin Victor Connors.

“Lev Yuri Shevchenko of the GRU-P, you are charged with the deaths of Victor Cherenkov, Yuri Malarkov, and Alexis Artyom. 

“Jacob William Devers of the SCP Foundation, you are charged with the murder of 124 people aboard the Regal Vindication.

“What do you say in your defense?”

[[/collapsible]]

------

[[collapsible show="7. Mohammed Ayad jammed his foot on the accelerator" hide=" and buried the secret"]]
They all stared at each other, taking in the surreal situation, before Reiben stumbled away from the table, and straight out of the dining room.  A vomiting sound emitted shortly after. 

The remaining nine stared at each other, before Sellars finally said, “I suppose we’re all in on the masquerade.  No point trying to hide it.”  

“He’s right.  We might as well be honest about it,” said Clay. 

“I have no idea what you’re talking about,” spluttered Devers.  “What masquerade? What was the voice even saying? Total nonsense.”  He sipped his drink, perhaps in an attempt to look natural.  His wooden acting gave him away.  

“Bullshit.  Look, the rest of us aren’t denying it,” said Sellars. 

“So you admit to killing those people?” 

Sellars grimaced, before admitting, “I didn’t want anyone to get hurt.  They were just being idiots, and more people would have died if I hadn’t have stopped them.” 

“Fine, I’ll admit to killing that Fifthist bastard.  Guy killed two of my men, I wasn’t gonna let him walk away just because he threw his hands in the air.” 

“I have no idea whom Fred McPherson is.  You’d think I murdered someone I’d remember it!” shouted Goddard.  

“But you are GOC?” asked Ayad.

Goddard paused for a moment, before saying, “Yes.” 

There was a noise from outside the room, and everybody turned to its source.  

Reiben walked back into the room, looking pale.   

“S-sorry. Got a bit… bit light-headed. Like, this is just like And Then There Were None, right? Nobody should drink anything, that’s how the first person died.”

“Shit,” said Devers, looking at the glasses.  His was the only one that had been drunk at all.   

He coughed loudly, then again, before entering a coughing fit. Ayad and Shevchenko, who were sitting next to him, grabbed him before he could fall onto the floor.  
He suddenly stopped coughing, and went limp.  Ayad’s hands darted for Devers’ wrist. 

“He’s still got a pulse… We should get him to his room, have somebody take a look at him. Anyone here a doctor?” 

“I’m no expert, but I’m better than everyone else,” said Goddard. 

Shevchenko and Ayad carried Devers between them, Goddard following.  



The six people remaining in the dining room looked at each other. 


“Right, I’m going to get on the radio.  See if we can contact Blaine,” said Clay.

“You really think the killer hasn’t already taken care of that?” questioned Rieben.

“Worth a shot.” He left.  

Rawley began to speak.  

“Didn’t the killer leave a poem in the book? Seems strange that they’d miss out such a vital part of the-“ 

“Actually, there’s a copy of the poem in my room. I’ll get it, could give us some clues.  Whoever it is, he- or she- is basing it off the book, right?”

Rieben left before Rawley could object to a Chaos Insurgent running around on his own. She figured  that he probably was of little danger as an individual.

She looked back around the table.  Thornton, Anderton, and Sellars.  

“I’m going to find out where the hell that voice came from,” said Thornton. 

“Shouldn’t we all stick together?” said Rawley.  “Someone poisoned Devers-“

“Like anyone would base their murders off a book.  Probably just a joke.”

“Joke? How would they know about the UIU, or the Coalition, or the Foundation? Why would they fly you half way around the world for a joke?” 

Thornton left without another word.  

Rawley, realizing that Devers’ party was now larger than her own, decided that going there was her best bet.  She left Anderton and Sellars in the dining room.  

“Is he alright?” she asked Goddard as soon as she stepped into the room, surprised to see only Shevchenko there.  

“He’s still alive, if that’s what you mean.” 

“Where did the others go?”

“Goddard went out to get his first aid kit from his room, not like that’ll help much. Ayad… actually, I have no idea where Ayad went.” 

He paused, trying to remember, before  saying, “You’re Rawley, yeah?”

“Yeah.  Shevchenko, isn’t it?”

“Yeah, Lev Shevchenko.”

There was a period of awkward silence, before he asked, “So… who do you think poisoned him?”  

The fact that her tactic of safety in numbers had resulted in her being alone with somebody maybe a foot taller materialized in her brain the moment he said it. 

“Clay,” she said, the first name that came to mind.  “I really should be getting back to the others.” 

“I’ll come with you.”

When they arrived in the living room, Goddard and Reiben were there.  

“Look, all I’m saying is that it says in the poem “One got distracted”, right?” said Reiben 

“That doesn’t mean anything, it could be a lie, or maybe even the distraction itself!” argued Goddard.  

Sellars sat quietly, turning towards Shevchenko and Rawley.  

“Anderton said she was going to the toilet, if you’re wondering where she is.”

Thornton entered the room, a small speaker in his hands.

“Found this little bastard,” he said, holding it up.  “Must have been from this.”

Ayad  arrived shortly afterwards, saying, “Tried signaling Blaine, but he’d already gone out a few miles and I couldn’t see him.”  

William Blaine’s death was mostly painless.   When he first noticed he was out a fuel, he had accepted his fate.   Narracota had survived, but he wasn’t Narracota, he was Morris.  He knew that the sandwiches given to him by Mr. Rios were poisoned with a particularly slow poison; too late.  

In a final attempt at spite, he released the ladder. He knew it would probably mean nothing, but his final image in his mind was of the poor sod who had been pushed into the water climbing onto the boat and finding his body.  


“Where’s Clay?” 

“He said he was going to the radio room, try and hail Blaine,” answered Rawley to Ayad’s question.

They didn’t have to look for long.  Daniel Clay the Third was found sitting on the radio room chair, his throat sliced open from ear to ear.  His face was stoic, his eyes closed. Blood had splattered all over his clothes. 

Rieben vomited for the second time that day.  Ayad fell silent.  Goddard checked his pulse.  Anderton looked at Shevchenko, who looked back.   Rawley went to check on Devers.  Thornton fiddled with the speaker in his hands, in a futile attempt to distract him from death.  

It was Sellars who said, “Clay’s dead… murdered, and somebody’s responsible.” 
[[/collapsible]]

------

[[collapsible show="6. Jane Anderton didn't look at him as he asked if it was safe" hide=" “Hmm?  Yes, of course.”"]]

Goddard and Reiben took Clay’s body to his room, both trying their hardest to avoid his- its?- vacant stare.  

“How the hell did a kid like you end up working for the CI?”

“Pretty simple, actually.  Sam- yes, he was the guy I killed- said we should sign up. I’d always been interested in the anomalous since I was a kid, and I guess I saw it as an opportunity to really change the world in some way.  You know what we were working on when Sam died?”

“What?”

“This gun we were making for the Mi- these guys, which was basically a really powerful tranq rifle.  Like, it was brilliant.  Had to break a few laws of physics, but it was worth it.  Full auto.  Just took one of the darts to hit the guy and he’d be out.  Not strong enough to penetrate bones; biggest chance of injury was it smacking straight into your eye and blinding you.”

“I’m guess something went wrong.”

“Sam kept saying that he wanted me to shoot him, just to make sure it worked perfectly before we showed it to the buyers.  Had a fatal allergic reaction to the sedative.   Died before I could get a doctor to him.  Cleared me of all blame, since Sam made a note saying he’d accept all responsibility.  I just...just wish that I hadn’t done it.”

“Jesus.  You were friends?”

“Probably more than that, actually.”

“Sorry.”

“Nah, not your fault.  So, what happened to  you? How’d you kill Fred McPherson?” asked Reiben, laying Clay onto his bed.  He had almost forgotten he was carrying him.  

“Can’t recall it exactly, but I think I’ve got a good idea of what he’s on about.  Back a few years ago, I was in South Africa chasing after this anomaly in this old street.  Fired at it, must’ve accidently hit this guy.  He was bleeding on the road, begging for help.  Had a choice between either saving one life, or letting the anomaly kill more.  Easy choice, don’t regret it.”

“Do you regret it now that we’ve got this guy killing us off one by one?”

“Fair point.”  


“JESUS!”  

Rawley’s scream was heard by everyone on the island.  

Ayad and Shevchenko sprinted in, only to find Devers sitting up on his bed and Rawley looking at him like he was a ghost.  

“Christ, Devers, you scared the hell out of me.”

“So, uh, who poisoned me?”

“We don’t know, but…”

“Clay’s dead,” said Ayad suddenly.  

“What? How?”

“Some bastard slit his throat.” 

“Who?”

“We don’t know. Whoever it was is probably one of us, and probably isn’t going to stop at us.”

The nine survivors gathered in the dining room.

“Okay,” said Rawley, holding up Rieben’s pennant of the poem and his copy of the book.

“The killer is obviously basing their murders on both this book and this poem.  Now, one of us is dead, and they are going to continue to do so until we are all dead, minus themselves. That much is obvious.  

“I don’t know how many of you have read it, but I’m going into some serious spoiler territory, mainly because our lives are at stake.   The first person to die had his drink poisoned; the killer anticipated this, used that as a distraction so he could get to Clay.

“Now, seeing as the killer in the book faked his death, we will be thoroughly checking to make sure the dead are actually dead. We’ve all committed crimes,  we all work for enemies, but if any of us want to walk off this island alive, we have to work together. Agreed?”

There were a few murmurs of agreement.  

“I think we’re each meant to represent a character in the original,” said Reiben.  “Considering that my murder was both accidental, and that my name is Edward, I reckon I’m Armstrong.” 

“But you’re not about to ally with the killer with the benefit of hindsight, are you?” said Shevchenko.  

“Good point, but I suppose he’s trying to subvert it on every count.”

“It’s late,” said Anderton. “We should sleep.”
“…I’m sorry, but have you been listening to a fucking word we’ve been saying?” said Goddard.  “Did the part about the psycho killer running about become lost on you?” 

“If we are gonna sleep, we should all get in one room. Keep three people awake at all times.”

“How will that help?  The killer could just, I don’t know, drop a grenade and run,” said Sellars.  

“They have to follow the poem, remember?” cut in Ayad.  

“Yes, but what’s stopping a particularly paranoid person whose goal is to simply off us all to ensure their survival doing it?”  

“The obvious lack of grenades?” said Goddard, but that did not stop them going to their separate rooms that night.  

---
Rawley looked around her room.  Why had the killer hanged the pennant in Rieben’s room?  Why poison Devers in particular? 

Probably just random.  She locked her door, and pushed the bedside table next to it, locked all the windows, and did a final sweep of the room to make sure it was totally devoid of anyone but herself.  

She considered just staying up all night, pointing her revolver at the door until morning.

But then again, “One got too tired, and then there were eight,” was next, and she didn’t fancy tempting fate, so she slept.  


When Shevchenko found a copy of And Then There Were None resting on his bed, he decided that skimming through it could give him some clues.

It was 2 AM when Shevchenko read the epilogue. It was a single sentence that suddenly revealed to him who the killer was.  God, it was obvious.  Their motive wasn’t revenge, it was some twisted form of justice, mixed with a heavy dose of a- 

Lev Shevchenko turned the last page, and the mimetic image stuck to it was the last thing he ever saw.  

[[/collapsible]]

------

[[collapsible show="5. Lev Shevchenko threw the torch onto the house " hide=" and ignored the screams"]]
The breakfast table had two empty seats the next day.  Ayad said he would get Shevchenko, but everyone followed him.   They had all been expecting it. 

“So, what killed him?”asked Reiben.  

Goddard checked the book, creased over on the last page.  

“This,” he said, holding up the image of alien geometries and impossible colours.  

“…What’s that, and why aren’t we dead?”

“Mimetic image.  Fatal to 0.5% of the population.  I guess the killer did his research.”

“Shouldn’t we make sure he’s dead?” asked Anderton.

“Good point,” said Devers, checking his pulse.  

“Nah, I was thinking more like stabbing him through the eye.”

“…what? Why the hell would we do that?” said Ayad.

“Because he’s either faking his death, and therefore the killer, or dead anyway, so it doesn’t actually matter.” 

Reiben was sent to fetch a knife, and returned quickly.  

Anderton drove it deep into his vacant eye.  Nothing changed.  

“We should search the island,” said Goddard.  “In threes. While the search in the book didn’t turn up much, the killer may- just may- be using reverse psychology.    That’s how he got Clay.

“I’ll go with Rawley, Devers, and Thornton, give a brief search of the north.  You four take the south. Oh, and go and get a mirror.”

“Uh, why?” asked Sellars.  

“Lombard managed to actually get the mainland’s attention by heliographing.  True, he wasn’t there to see them arrive, but it’s worth a try.”  


The second Goddard’s squad exited the house to the small grassy field that composed the northern half of the island, he said, “It’s got to be one of them.”

“What?” asked Devers.

“It’s one of them.  Got to be. Look, I think I can trust you.  At the very least, I know I’m not the killer, and two of you must not be the killer, or I’d be dead at this point.”

“Okay, you’ve correctly pointed out something that we all  figured out when Clay died. What’s your point?” said Thornton.

“My point is, their lives are not equal to ours. Anderton is a totally ruthless bitch; she killed that Kimball bloke for profit.  Reiben work for the CI, even if his killing was accidental. 	Sellars killed thirteen people for art, even if was an accident that amount of negligence probably means he deserves a bullet in his head.  Ayad… well, we don’t know him, do we? Always sticking to the shadows, always walking off with a weak excuse.”

“So what’s your plan?” asked Devers, although he already knew what he was proposing.  

“That we kill all of them.  I’ve got a gun, they don’t.  Four against four, with our four better trained, better armed, and with the element of surprise.”

“And if one of us is the killer, we will have murdered four innocent people for no reason and still end up dead,” said Rawley.

“A risk we’ve got to take.  It’s one of them for sure.”

“Well, I’m not doing it.  Jesus, Goddard, Ayad’s literally done nothing and you’re saying we should kill him?” protested Thornton. “Like you’re any better.  Who was this McPerson bloke, then?”

“Shot him accidently chasing an anomaly. Who was- Connor, was it?”

“I suppose there’s no putting it off.  Connors was a prick who worked for the CI- part of the group Rawley sent to their deaths- and the Foundation handed him to us to circumvent some rules or something.  Taggert and I brought him in,  but he wouldn’t talk.   So I tried beating it out of him.  Taggert gave me some bullshit about “regulations” and how “He who fights monsters should be careful that he himself does not become a monster”, but I didn’t care.  Beat the shit out of Connors; that I have no regrets over.  He told us where their base of operations was, but then he had to bleed out anyway.  I didn’t mean to kill him, but what’s done is done.”

They stared at him for a few seconds.  

“We’re all going to die.”  Rawley said it with no forewarning.  

“What?”
“I mean, this is all a fucking game to this shit.  Just a fucking horror movie, just because he got bored and couldn’t think of anything else to do. And he’s just going to keep doing it and doing it and it’s never fucking going to stop, and we can’t stop-“

Rawley was hyperventilating.  

“Two people I talked to last night are dead.   And I don’t… I don’t feel… I don’t feel //anything//…”

Thornton put a hand on her shoulder.   “It’s alright, we’re gonna be fine.”

Goddard spoke next.

 “I’ll die fighting a war, I’ll die slowly in bed, but I am NOT dying because of someone’s shitty game.  I’m getting out of here, and I hope to hell I can take you with me.” 



“Well, I think we should actually explore the damn island.  I’ll check the cliff.  Goddard, you try the trees over there. Rawley, Thornton, check the house.” 


Edward Reiben had finally caught the sun in his mirror.  He stood a meter away from the cliff edge, the tide violently smashing against the jagged rocks.  

“Got it!” he shouted, only to find one of his three audience walking back towards the house.

“Hey, Ayad, where the hell are you going? Gotta search the island, mate.”

“I need to pray.”

“Can’t it wait?”

“I need to pray.”  Ayad walked out of view and back into the house.  

“Look, land’s about ten miles away, Reiben.  They won’t see you.” Anderton was already walking away as she was saying it.

“Just hold on a second.”  

Reiben spent a few more seconds angling the mirror in the vague direction of the land, before he realized he was alone.  

He was about to shout, “Oh shit,” and run towards the others.  He was about to run back towards the house, thankful to have realized just in time what a stupid move splitting up had been.

He never did any of those things.

Edward Reiben was pushed.  He felt his legs go out from under him, as his arm smacked against a rough outcropping of rock.  He spiraled off the cliff, down into the icy cold waters of England’s winter seas.  

[[/collapsible]]

------

[[collapsible show="4. Jacob Devers spent one final moment with his finger on the trigger" hide=" and then pressed it"]]
They gathered in the dining room a few minutes later, Ayad  carrying a single shoe that had washed up on the shore. 

“Where the fuck is Reiben?” shouted Goddard.

“We... we don’t know.  We left him heliographing.”  Sellars did not look up at Goddard; he looked solemnly at the stained tablecloth.  

“What?” Goddard said it with an equal amount of disbelief and anger.  “WHAT? You fucking idiot! I told you not to split up!”

His main source of fear was that he himself had been stupid enough to split up; the only reason it had been Reiben and not him was total luck.

“Well, if you were all together, then it has to be one of us three, right?” said Sellars.

Thornton looked at Devers who looked at Rawley who looked at Goddard.  

“We spilt up too.”   Devers was totally deadpan as he said it.

“You fucking hypocrite!” shouted Anderton.  

“Look, shouting isn’t going to get us anywhere,” said Thornton.  “We need to think logically.  We can presume Reiben is dead; “Tried to fly and join them” pretty much guarantees it.”

“Could’ve faked it.   Just like the killer did in the original book.”   

“Why’d he do it this early? Better to stay among us for longer, then fake his death later. I think he’s dead, Ayad.”  

“Fine… but if we see him again, kill on sight.”

“A bit extreme, I think, Goddard.  We’ll tie him up.”

“Woah, Thornton, waaaay too much information of what you two got up to last night,” said Sellars with a smirk. 

“I think if I had, I’d be dead at this point.   I mean, Reiben is testament that the gay guy always dies, and having sex pretty much seals the deal. At least he wasn’t black.” 

Rawley said, “Nah, I’m gonna die last.  If there’s anything I learned, it’s that the black guy is going to die just before the climax.”

“On to the practical side of things; was anyone accompanied for the entirety of our search?”

“No, we all split up,” said Ayad.  “Except, actually, did you two-?”  

“Nah, we split up as well.  Stupid.  Really stupid.  Sellars suggested it, and then he just started walking off on his own before I could say anything else.”

“Right, I think we need to go over this logically,” said Rawley.  “We must consider if anyone has an alibi.   Nobody was with someone else for the entirety of the search; anyone could have done it.   Even considering that the four of us would have a difficult time sneaking over without being noticed by anybody, it remains a possibility.  

“Anyone could have placed the book in Shevchenko’s room. Anyone.  Nobody can be ruled out from Clay’s death, either.  The only people who have proved beyond all doubt that they are innocent are Daniel Clay and Lev Shevchenko.   I have the suspicion that Reiben is still alive, but in all honesty the killer probably offed him in such a way that would make us suspect him.”  

She had no idea just how right she was…

They searched for Reiben afterwards; nobody left the party.  After the search uncovered nothing except a second shoe, they proceed to bed.  

Goddard had no plans of sharing Shevchenko’s fate; or, for that matter, Rogers’.  

He gathered Rawley, Devers and Thornton in his room.

“Right, I’m pretty certain at the point it’s gotta be one of those three.  So, safety in numbers, right?  All of us should stay the night in the same room.”

“Right, so then if it’s one of us, the killer can kill all of us in our sleep.  Good plan,” said Thornton.
“No, we’ll keep two people awake at all times. Look, all I’m saying is that it’s much safer than us sleeping alone.”  

“Seems to me the killer would try something exactly like this,” said Devers.  

“In what way would I benefit from having everyone in the same room?  I’d have to follow the poem, remember?”  

“I don’t know.  But, anyway, I’m not risking it.”

And Devers retreated to his own room.

“He’s got a point.  Plus, I really don’t fancy staying up half the night.”

“But being murdered is an attractive prospect?”  shouted Goddard as Thornton left.

He turned to Rawley and said, “Look, please don’t go.”

“I’d do it if they were, but locking myself in with someone with a mad killer going about doesn’t sound like a good idea.  I’ll see you tomorrow.”  

Goddard locked his own room the second she left, and lugged a chest of draws in front of the door.  He placed his revolver on his bedside table, made sure the lamp’s switch was in close proximity to his hands, and cautiously flicked it off. 

Goddard survived that night, even if he hardly got any sleep.  Most of the others were in a similar situation, with the obvious exception of the one person who had nothing to fear.  

However, one of them didn’t get any sleep that night, nor ever again.  

Anderton flicked her light off, and stumbled through the darkness to her bed. All lights on the island were switched off; only the dim glow of the moon offered any illumination, but all that did was stop her eyes adjusting to the darkness.  She walked twice the distance she should have before realized something was wrong.

Oh Jesus.  Lost in the dark. She was going to die because of some stupid fucking idiot who decided resetting the fucking death clock to midnight that fucking fuck fuck fuck.  

She brushed past a plant.  God, she was outside? How the hell did they do that?  Her vision was total darkness; she could only feel the damp soil between her toes and hear something running, something that wasn’t human, something that was going to Oh Jesus please no eat her and then-

Whatever the hell it was, it roared, and Anderton felt a bolt of pain shoot up her leg.

After that, she didn’t feel anything.

[[/collapsible]]

------

[[collapsible show="3. Harry Thornton punched him in the head" hide="  and no amount of screaming at Taggert would fix it"]]

Goddard had been expecting someone to die that night; his guess had been Rawley, or possibly himself.  Anderton he had expected to see in the final three, but he knew that she almost certainly wasn’t the killer.  

They gathered in the dining room, almost knowing that one of their party would not be joining them.  

“Shit, it’s Anderton,” said Thornton, almost unsurprised.   

He, followed by the other five- Christ, were there really only six of us left?- ran up to her room to find it a tangle of undergrowth and darkness, which expanded far past what it should have.  A dismembered leg lay caught on some brambles, blood staining the cloth.  

Thornton shut the door as quickly as he had opened it.

“Okay, what the fuck was that?”

Devers explained.  “Something that’s basically theoretical at this point. Called Walton portals.   Essentially, you can create an entire separate world by reengineering an already existing portal, although it’s difficult as hell do to.”

“Wait, just how hard are we talking here?”  

“We’ve had our best personell working on it for the last three years. Nothing.  Mainly because we have nothing to base it on, and because the only actual research we have on it was taken from some random CI mook’s USB.” 

“Jesus.  These things could be used to create infinite farm lands, stop all overcrowding issues… and this bastard used them to murder somebody.  The sick fuck.”  Ayad said it with the first genuine anger he had experienced since arriving.  

The genuine anger was echoed with genuine guilt from the person who had created the portal in the first place.


They went back to the dining room and sat quietly. 

“So, bees next.   Heh.  So many annoying bee-related memes, and the killer didn’t go with any of them.  Have to give them credit for that,” Thornton said almost humorlessly.  

They went back to the table, and they sat silently.  Thornton had reduced himself to simply eating everything he could; Devers drummed his fingers until Rawley asked him to please stop that; Sellars read a book, which he complained about endlessly to Goddard (“Okay, see, look at this, Meeks’ wife is suddenly dead for no reason and then Barnes begins killing everyone and I have no idea what Moore and Harland and Strasse are doing, they sort of…”); Ayad remained totally silent.  


“I’m going to the toilet,” said Sellars.

“I’m going to pray,” said Ayad.

“I’m going to my room,” said Devers.  

Goddard, Rawley and Thornton all had a very strong instinct that was telling them only two were returning.  


Sellars wasn’t going to the toilet.  

He ran into his room, found his phone that he had left on his bedside table, and walked downstairs playing the third level of “Please Solve the Game.” (Or PSTG as he liked to call it.) 

Devers entered his room and thought of what he did that landed him here. 

“Infection has spread throughout the ship…” said the voice of Howard, like had only happened yesterday.  

“Survivors are already disembarking.  Could possibly be infected. Sir, if this thing escapes…”  

He had to do it.   Right?  There was no other way.  Everybody on there was already dead anyway.

Before he could ponder the morality of his choice to launch the torpedo, he noticed the box on his bed.  

Before he could even say, “Oh shit,” it snapped open on its own, and they emerged.  

They all heard his screams.

Goddard raced towards its source immediately, while Thornton and Rawley looked at each other momentarily, before joining him.  

Goddard arrived at Devers’ room to see Sellars and Ayad already outside. An intense buzzing noise emitted from his room, punctuated by screams.  

Ayad was pulling desperately on the door; it didn’t budge.  Goddard shoved him aside, and had a go himself, as if he was somehow going to unlock it.  

Thornton and Rawley had arrived by the time the screaming had stopped completely.  

“What the hell’s going on?” shouted Thornton.  

“I don’t have a fucking clue,” Goddard said, quickly running his hands over his cropped black hair.  He slammed himself against the door, to no effect.  Repeating the action twice showed a slight buckle and some splinters, but Sellars stopped him before he could finally break it.

“What if whatever is in there gets us too?” 

Goddard considered it, before stopping.  

“Okay, so what do you suggest we do?” 

“Wait until the… hang on, listen.”

Goddard did.  “What?”

“Buzzing’s stopped.” 

Goddard gave the door another kick, and it finally subsided.  

“Oh Jesus.”  

Devers’ body was covered in ugly lumps and bruises, with thousands of bees littering the floor.  

Goddard turned away before he could no longer resist the urge to vomit.  

“Genetically modified bees, most likely.  Die in a few minutes… or something like that…” Ayad remarked.  

They didn’t move his body; none of them would dare touch it.  
Again they sat on the dining table, just as the sun began to set. 

“Goddamn…Goddamn…” Goddard muttered.   He rubbed his neatly trimmed beard, before sighing.     “We can’t just sit here waiting to die.  We have to do something.”  

“Like what?” Rawley asked.  

“Swimming.  Yeah, actually, swimming. The shore’s what, ten miles away? If we get something buoyant, we could make it.”  

“Too risky.”

“Stay here, and that bastard’s gonna get us.”  

“Go out there, and the weather’s gonna get us. Look, I reckon I can get the bastard.”

“That’s your choice.  I’m gonna have a go  at swimming.”

“What if you’re the killer? What if you’re just trying to escape?”

 “Hey, come to think of it,” said Thornton.  “Didn’t the next guy fake his death?”  

He had just finished saying it when his head exploded.  
[[/collapsible]]

------

[[collapsible show="2. Daniel Clay hesitated to fire when he started to scream" hide=" He fired anyway"]]

A small bullet wound was punched into his left temple; there was nothing left of his right other than some exposed brain matter.  Skull fragments and blood littered the floor.  Thornton’s corpse slumped forward.

They all stared at each other, and at Thornton.  

Ayad screamed, and they scattered.  Goddard scrambled backwards, falling onto the floor, before righting himself and sprinting to his room.  Rawley sped off instantly.  Ayad, trembling immensely, nervously hurpled towards his room.  

That left Sellars.  He grabbed an apple from in front of him, and took a bite out of it.  He had the feeling it might be his last.  

Rawley reached her room first, and instantly flung open her draw and grabbed he revolver.  It was already loaded with six bullets; she’d only need three.  

Goddard arrived  in his room seconds later.  His revolver, too, was loaded.

Ayad’s plan was rather different; namely hide until it was safe to come out.  He had just ran into his room, and was just about to shove his bedside table against the door when he noticed the plastic paddling pool in front of him.  

In the last few seconds of his life, his mind raced for an explanation; it had just reached one when he was pushed.  

As he fell towards the pool, he didn’t scream; for some odd reason he found himself totally calm. He only glanced back at the killer, and thought, “I really should have known it was h-“  

Goddard and Rawley both reached the empty dining room at the same time.  

“Where’s Ayad?” he asked, his hand firmly gripped to his holstered revolver.

“Where’s Sellars?” she asked, her hand firmly gripping her holstered revolver.

They both drew at the exact same time.  She remained rooted; Goddard dove for cover in the form a nearby pillar.  

She shot twice, Goddard not even aiming as he returned the same.  

Neither moved for a few seconds, enough time for Rawley to shout, “Drop the gun!”

Goddard didn’t respond, so she slowly edged her way forward.   A bullet hole marked the exact centre of his forehead.  

“Jesus,” she muttered, looking at her gun with disgust.  The fact that she had killed him floated around aimlessly in her mind, but didn’t cement itself.  It didn’t feel real.




A sharp jab in her neck brought her out of it.  

“Ow! What the-“  
Her legs fell out from under her, and she collapsed.

“What… what the fuck…”

Sellars stood above her, a syringe in his hands.

“You couldn’t have just waited a few more minutes, could you?”

“W-what?” 

“It was all set out! Ayad was supposed to pray, and then I’d push him into the pool.  Goddard would pick up the spoon, which’d kill him. But noooo, you had to fucking ruin it, didn’t you?”

“It’s… it’s you, isn’t it? You’re the killer?”

“What, the person who is currently talking about killing people after stabbing a needle in your neck? Yeah, no shit.” 

“What the fuck was that?” Rawley said, raising her hand to the injection’s source of impact.  

 “Your legs are paralyzed, and that’s not the worst of it.  Ya see, remember those six Class-D you sent into that mysterious doorway of doom and death? That didn’t kill them, no matter how much they wish it did.”

“You fucking hypocrite. They were murderers, just like everybody you killed.”

“At least mine are actually dead. Anyway, three of those Class-D were totally innocent CI POWs.  They committed no crime-“

“They killed my friends! They’re fucking murderers!”

“It was an act of war, Rawley. Plus, my boss was really pissed off-“

“Boss?”

“Nothing. Of course, this isn’t the end of it.  In a few minutes, the injection I gave you will take full effect.”

“And that’s gonna do what, exactly?”

“Sorry for being so cliché; I really wanted to be more original than this.  You will be turned to stone.  Unable to move, talk, or scream.”

He picked up Rawley’s gun, fired at the corpse of Goddard, and again at Thornton.  He placed one of the two bullets remaining in his pocket, and tossed the pistol to Rawley. 

“Kill me, or face a fate worse than death.  Your choice.”

He walked away slowly, not even turning back when he heard the gunshot.  

[[/collapsible]]

------

[[collapsible show="1. Edward Reiben took aim at his head" hide=" Edward Reiben fired"]]
Sellars’ small rubber dinghy bobbed slowly in the waves.  It was night; the sky was cloudless, the full moon illuminating an ill-defined strip of sea water.  Blaine’s boat was up ahead; it remained relatively still, and looked the same as it did when Sellars had disembarked. There were no grips on the side of the boat; Sellars went around twice attempting to find the best place to board. When he finally acted, he first chucked his jerry can of petrol aboard, before hauling himself on as well.  A few drops of water pitter-pattered onto the boat, and Sellars threw his lifejacket to the ground.  


So, he had done it.  Nine dead men, and he was the only one left.  The footage of it all was on a DVD in his back pocket.   

Sellars stepped into the darkened cockpit, and realized he was going to die.  The lights were out; the boat’s generator could function independently of engine, and could power the lights for several weeks before running out.  Blaine died at night; the only reason they’d be off would be if someone turned them off.  

“Shit.   Well, come on, Eddie.  Let’s get this over with.”  

Reiben stepped forward, a flare gun in his hand.   He was distracted, tired, had nobody but darkness for company for the last few days, suffering from some kind of infection, beginning to wonder if Armstrong ever did any of this shit, half-drowned, starving, and partly considering blowing his own skull open with the flare gun.  

The only thing he was totally sure about was that this was never happening to anybody else again.

“Don’t move,” he said meekly.  

“And it started so well. And it started so well. You may as well just put a fucking flare in me, Eddie.  I failed. Credit where credit’s due; you’re a bleedin’ good swimmer.”

“Sorry. Anyone else left?”

“Nope. Just us two.  And it’ll be one soon.”

“Any last requests?”

“Yeah, actually. Let me send one more text.”

“And if you’re setting off a phone bomb or some other bullshit?”

“You really think I’d do that, Eddie?”

“...Yes!”

“There. Sen-BANG!”

“Was that really supposed to scare me?”

“Anyway, sent it.”

“What’d it say?”

Sellars threw his phone off the side of the boat.  

“Now, you’re gonna want the exposition rant explaining everything, like why and how I did everything?”

“Let me guess, you did it for some vague bullshit about art?”

“...alright, you got me. So, want to hear the rest of-“

Edward Reiben fired.  

[[/collapsible]]
