title:Breakfast For Dinner
[[>]]
[[module Rate]]
[[/>]]

> Seriously you need to read [[[The Place Where Two Rivers Meet]]] first

Salah opened the door, and thanked God almighty that he was finally home. He hung his jacket on the hook and slipped his shoes off. Mary-Ann was at the stove, cooking. 

“So, how was it?” 

“It was. That’s about as much as I can say about it.” He walked over to her. Hug and a kiss. “Need any help?”

“I’m good. Though I hope you’re in the mood for breakfast for dinner, because we’re having breakfast for dinner.”

“Breakfast for dinner sounds fine.”

“Nothing better than breakfast for dinner. Are you sure you don’t need any help?”

“Salah, chivalry is supposed to be dead. You’re supposed to be getting all offended that I, a woman, am doing such subservient domestic activities as cooking.” 

Salah smiled, and got the butter and syrup out of the refrigerator. 

“So then, tell me how the newbies were.” Mary-Ann flipped the pancakes on the griddle one by one. “You get a fundie in your group?”

“Just one this time.”

“And?

“Very conservative Christian, very anti-Islam, not entirely sure why he joined, but that’s a digression for another day. It was actually pretty funny, because I’d say something and when I looked over he had this constipated look, and I just knew he was this close to saying something offensive.” 

“How big did his eyes get when you showed him the dinosaur gospel?” 

“I thought he was going to have a heart attack.” Salah took two cups from the cupboard and filled them. Water in one, milk in the other. 

Mary-Ann laughed.

“I’m pretty sure Aaron assigns you those types on purpose.”

“Oh, I know he does. Rest of the group was fine, nothing too unusual. Had an atheist in there, just for the tour. Scribes brought him in for consulting on the Fifth Church.” Glasses on the table.

“He didn’t get in a fight with the fundie or anything, did he?”

“No, he was actually quite pleasant. And Benson, the fundie, he’ll be fine. Just needs a few months.” Salah sat down.

“Well, I had a pretty exciting day myself.” Mary-Ann set the plate of pancakes and bowl of scrambled eggs on the table and sat down. Salah looked across the table, eyes locked with his wife’s.

“Why do I get the feeling that you’re going to tell me something important?”

“Because you’re a perceptive and intelligent person. And also because I’m pregnant.”
