title:Containment Engineer: A Typical Day
Avery Zhang sighed as he swiped his Level 2 key card through the scanner on the wall. The light beeped from red to green, and the steel door in front of him slid aside to let him through. He sipped from the coffee cup in his right hand's grip as he stalked through the doorway. A security guard who must have possessed familiar features beneath the mirrored face shield grunted a greeting to him as they passed each other. Halfheartedly, Zhang returned a floppy wave at the guard with his free hand. 

Clinical and clean, fluorescent lights in the ceiling cast sterile shadows at Zhang's feet as he made his way toward the end a featureless hall. Shatter-resistant ceramic tiles became wrought-iron platform as he stepped out from hallway onto a catwalk in a large atrium. 

The sound of metal on metal rang non-stop in the atrium. A cacophony of clangs echoed throughout the cavernous space like an army of off-beat drummers as a work crew constructed a unusually large, dome-shaped containment chamber below. Zhang paid the clamor no mind--it wasn't one of his projects that was being built. The glare of light reflecting off a pile of titanium plates stacked along the wall was slightly bothersome, but he was soon out of the area anyway.

He exited the atrium, continuing down another hallway. Left turn, then right. Straight, then left again before the elevator. The facility was a veritable labyrinth, but having worked there for several years, Zhang was familiar with its layout.

Soon, he found himself face to face with another security door and card scanner. Zhang swiped his key card through the device on the wall and, at the door's open invitation, stepped through.

It was a large, steel-plated laboratory room that he entered. From the twenty-foot ceiling there hung rows of fluorescent lights even brighter than those in the hallway. The top half of one wall contained a wide panel of thick glass, behind which was an observation room that he had no need of, for the moment. 

"Hey, Avery," greeted a young, African-American intern whom Zhang was fairly fond of. 

At the moment, the young man was in a somewhat ridiculous pose. He stood in the middle of the room with one arm held out to his side horizontally as he poured the contents of a plastic water bottle onto the floor. Bright orange liquid splashed onto his shoes and jeans and the hem of his lab coat, but nothing stayed wet and the bottle never emptied. A handful of other young scientists stood to the side taking notes.

Zhang replied with some amount of confusion, "Good morning, Lucas. I can see you're busy testing an anomaly, but where's your supervisor?"
