title:djkaktus' Workbench
parent:djkaktus-personnel-file
"They go //where//?"

Dr. Jon and Dr. Davidson stared quizzically at Chief Engineer Bledsoe, who shrugged. "Listen, we were dealing with pretty strict financial constraints this time around, so we figured we'd try something different. It'll take a little getting used to, I'm sure, but I think they'll work out just fine."

Dr. Jon burst out again. "How the hell are we even supposed to administer these? You just walk up to somebody and //shwoop//?"

Chief Engineer Bledsoe sighed. "No, look, they each come with this applicator. You just apply to the application site, pull on this tab, and they apply themselves. It's not hard."

Dr. Davidson raised an eyebrow. "I understand the financial constraints, but... would an aerosol not have been cheaper? Or an injectable or, or something? This feels like sort of... a stretch."

The engineer shrugged again. "You'd be surprised how little stretching there is. They're designed to utilize as much natural aerodynamics as possible. Most of the test group didn't even realize they were being used."

Dr. Jon threw his hands in the air. "But how are you supposed to get them to stand still for this in the first place? Are we going to start carrying bats, too?"

The other man reached into his briefcase. "No, not bats. You'll each be assigned one of these," he said, pulling out a short yellow handheld device. "They're tasers, gotta max range of about twenty feet. Strong enough to get a good stun on any witnesses, and then you can go about applying the amnestics."

Dr. Davidson rotated the stungun slowly in his hands. "So let me get this straight. You arrive at the scene, stun the witnesses, apply the... amnestic... and that's it? No waiting period or anything?"

Bledsoe shook his head. "Nope. That's what makes these superior to an aerosol, you don't have to worry about gas masks or-" Dr. Jon burst out laughing "-or unnecessary exposure. You have direct control over exactly how the amnestics are applied, when they're applied, and how forcefully they're applied."

"Forcefully?"

"Well yeah. You see this tab here? Pulling this prior to pulling the release tab activates an additional depth of application. Really pops, know what I'm sayin? Gets it good and in there, makes 'em real forgetful real fast." He smiled, satisfied with his presentation. "Honestly, after this trial run I think we're going to take them to Site-19, have Omega-7 get their hands on them. I've heard this'll be right up 076's alley."

Davidson furrowed his brow. "Have you had MTF Beta-4 test these yet?"

Bledsoe nodded. "Thunder Down Under? Sure did, they were huge fans."

"I'm sure they were!" Dr. Jon shouted, collapsing in a chair.

The engineer smiled again. "Regardless, this is what we're going with this time around. Production is already pumping these things out and putting them in the hands of our field agents. We've already seen a 65% decrease in agent complaints concerning the amnestics. Looks like our teams are really going to love these."

He bid the men farewell, and then exited the conference room. Before them lay a single test amnestic, and they both stared at it for a while. Dr. Davidson finally sighed, and put it in his pocket. They moved towards the door, and he put his hand on Dr. Jon's shoulder.

"Cheer up, Kyle," he said, reassuringly. "Maybe we're just blowing this out of proportion. I'm sure it'll be just fine."

"Maybe," Dr. Jon mumbled. "Maybe this is going to be a huge pain in my ass come year end reviews." He closed the door behind him. "Suppositories, really? That's the best we could come up with?"
