title:Eldritch Application
[[>]]
[[module Rate]]
[[/>]]

"I am the ultimate hive mind. My influence is everywhere, though you cannot feel it. I am He Who Waits Behind the Wall. When I break through those tiny cracks in your reality, I am the very personification of decay and destruction. Black ooze, great tentacles, blood flowing from your eyes. My six mouths are ever screaming, and the seventh one shall sing the song that ends the world. My very gaze is enough to drive men to madness. I am Zalgo.

"No force can match mine. When I deem your world to be over, it shall be over. My power goes far beyond that of any other abomination you can think of. I am Zalgo, and I am coming. I am decay, and I am destruction.

"So why //can't// I be an SCP?"

The great black, amorphous mass sat before the head of the SCP Foundation. The former had a shape that was indescribable, save for the fact that, at random intervals, massive spike protruded from it, waving madly in the air, and two red eyes peered from the depths of the darkness. The later was a bald, slightly rotund man in a blue business suit and square glasses. He was not the least bit surprised by the collosal mass of fear and destruction before him.

"Look," he began, riffling through a sheet of papers, "this is your fifth time attempting to apply for SCP status. I don't know if you haven't been listening, or if I haven't been clear enough in the past, but I fear I must say it again. We do not have any interest in taking you in. You just don't work."

"Did you not hear me?" demanded Zalgo, growing in size rapidly. "I am the ultimate hive mind, and..."

"Yes, yes, we've been through this before. You are the ultimate force of destruction, and can end the world, and all those other qualifications you're always on about. There's no need to repeat them again. What I can't understand is why, if you want in on this so badly, you don't just go out and do something dangerous. How about it?"

"'Do something dangerous?' My work over the past few years has been beyond dangerous. I have driven countless innocent children to madness, caused suicides all over this world, and bled into anywhere I can fit. and you ask me to do something dangerous?" The black mass rose up, drawing on it's awesome power.

"Zaglo," stated the director flatly. "You find web comics, and you infect them."

The abomination from beyond the stars sank back into his chair, looking rather defeated. "Why do you want to be an SCP, anyways?" continued the director.

"Well," sighed Zalgo though one of the non-screaming mouths, "that bloody Slender Man's been spreading his image around for quite some time now. Getting people talking about what he does, placing himself in photographs, inspiring stories, the usual affair. He's even got his own web series now! Can you believe that?"

"Yes," said the director, cocking his head to the side, "but what does that have to do with anything?"

"I'm new to the eldritch abomination thing, and need some publicity. The whole thing with the web comics is a start, but it's more than possible for people to use my methods and never mention my name, and let me tell you, that's a big mark against me. You lot take me in, and I'm a big name. Not as big as Yog-Sothoth or Azathoth, but big enough to get some recognition. So, how about it?"

An awkard silence settled over the room as the director took of his glasses and wiped them off with one hand, while holding his forehead with the other, deep in thought. Zalgo shifted nervously in his chair, awaiting the director's answer. At length, the glasses went back on, the director sighed deeply, and then began to talk.

"Baring the fact that I refuse to participate in some weird contest of abominations, there's one big reason as to why we can't take you in. It's not a matter of money or difficulty of containment, oh no. We've got SCPs like 682, and it's pocket change to keep it locked up. And since you seem willing to cooperate, you'd be easy as pie to lock up. No, it's that you're just not interesting enough."

Zalgo seemed to boil with fury at this statement, and opened several mouths to make a retort, but the director held him off. "Allow me to explain. You are bursting with power, and have the capacity to end this world, and could with just a thought. That's all well and good in other places. But at the SCP Foundation, we can't just accept you on those criteria. There has to be something really special about you, some aspect of horror that you can only get by thinking about it, or a less extreme sort of power. As it stands, you just aren't interesting, and we can't take you in."

For a moment, it looked as if Zalgo was ready to end the director, right then and there. A few tense moments passed, the seconds ticking away as slowly as they could, before his shoulders sank, and the black mass sighed, "Alright, alright. You win. I'll just see myself out."

As the chair scraped across the floor, the director said, "Try Warehouse 13, or maybe the Chaos Insurgency. I'm sure they'll be a little more lenient than we are." Zalgo gave a grunt of thanks, and was gone, having melted into the walls. The director allowed himself a few moments of peace, before calling out, "Next!" and preparing for the next sob story.

A colossal green man with a squishy head and long, wavy beard squeezed his way into the office, and stuffed himself into the chair. Riffling through more papers, the director looked up and stated, "Thank you for your time, Mr...?"

"Cthulhu."
