title:Exhibitionist Fantasising
[[>]]
[[module Rate]]
[[/>]]

In the place with colourless walls, there is light again. I am inside the place with colourless walls. Fellow Unmoving Ones are inside the place with colourless walls. 

A part of one of the colourless walls moved, and the Moving Ones move into the place with colourless walls. Those are the signs to denote another cycle. The Moving Ones move about, looking at each of the Unmoving Ones. They look at me too, stopping to look at me. I like that. 

But the Moving Ones will eventually move away from me. They will look at other Unmoving Ones, sometimes stopping longer than They did for me. I do not understand. I see the other Unmoving Ones eternally; either attached to the colourless walls or be Unmoving in front of the Moving Ones. There is nothing special of the other Unmoving Ones. 

The Moving Ones should look at me more. 

------

As always, the cycle has ended and there is darkness in the place with colourless walls. Only one Moving One moves in the darkness, holding a thing that makes the small coloured patches on the floor disappear. Where do those small coloured patches come from? The Moving Ones during each cycle? Me? The other Unmoving Ones? It does not really matter. 

What matters is why that Moving One only looks at me for so short of a time. That Moving One always looks at the floor. There should be at least one Moving One to look at me while the other Moving One holds that thing that disappears small coloured patches. I would like that. 

------

Many cycles later, two Moving Ones move me away from the place with colourless walls. To be allowed to move like They can, I am honoured that They bestow upon me such honour. This is a sign. The Moving Ones clearly favour me more than the other Unmoving Ones. 

The Moving Ones move me into another place with walls. Instead of colourless, the new walls are lined and coloured. They are much smaller than the colourless walls. Around me, there are only lined coloured walls. There are no other Unmoving Ones inside, and it is too small for even the smallest Moving Ones to move in. There is only darker darkness inside this place with lined coloured walls. 

Why am I inside this place with walls? How will the Moving Ones look at me? I want to produce vibrations from the cracks on me, but I cannot. Only the Moving Ones can do that. 

------

Eventually, unknown cycles later, I am finally moved away from the place with lined coloured walls by the Moving Ones. They bring me to a new place with colourless walls. It feels slightly smaller from the other place with colourless walls, but definitely bigger than the place with lined coloured walls. It still reminds me more of the other place with colourless walls, so I am sure that there should be cycles in this new place with colourless walls. 

Yes. Even if I cannot produce vibrations, the Moving Ones know my wish.

------

And there are indeed cycles again. Like usual, the Moving Ones move toward me and look at me. But in the end, They will still eventually move away from me and move away from the place with colourless walls. At least in the past, they will still be in the same place with walls, but not always looking at me. Now, they will leave the place with walls entirely. I do not like that. I would like the Moving Ones to keep looking at me. 

I may not be able to actually move like the Moving Ones, but I can at least imagine that I can move like the Moving Ones. To make sure that They will look at me always. I will not move needlessly. I will be Unmoving when They look at me. After all, They like to look at an Unmoving One and moving needlessly might make Them look away from me. I would like Them to look at me always. 

Wait. Not always. I need to identify cycles. It was horrible when I was inside the place with lined coloured walls, after all. How many cycles was that equal to? Were there even cycles inside the place with lined coloured walls? There has to be cycles, and the Moving Ones need to be moving in and out. 

And while They are inside, all the Moving Ones will look at me. Except for the Moving One who holds the thing that makes small coloured patches on the floor disappear. That strange Moving One knows nothing of what is worth looking at. Normal Moving Ones can be looking at me instead while that strange Moving One makes the small coloured patches on the floor disappear. There, me and They will like that. 

And there will only be me and the Moving Ones in the place with walls. The other Unmoving Ones can have their own place with walls. There will be many many places with walls in existence, each holding an Unmoving One. I will be inside one of those places with walls, just me and the Moving Ones who will look at me. 

Yes. I like that very much. That is how I would like to [[[SCP-173|imagine]]] things to be.
