title:Good Morning, World
Good morning, world.

I open my eyes to the sight of the sun streaming in through my window. I smile. There’s nothing quite like waking up to the sun warming your face. Especially after having not seen it for so long. 

I lay in bed, basking in the glow, revelling in the softness of my sheets, thanking Him that I am alive to feel and see and love. I look around at my modest room. A bed, a table, a chair, and a desk. I haven’t needed much else. Life is so simple if you know how to live it. 

Still smiling, I roll out of bed and head to the window. Throwing open the curtains, I gaze out upon the land. Green now, the lawn looks beautiful. I see trees beginning to sprout across the street. There’s a sight I haven’t seen in almost 5 months. They look so beautiful, so strong. Trees, like man, spread across the landscape, but instead of corrupting, they only beautify. I nod in respect to them before I turn around to get dressed.

Appropriately attired, I make my way into the kitchen and look for something to eat. Opening a cabinet, I find an unopened can of spam. As I slice the spam, I glance behind me. No sign of anyone. Smiling again, I set aside the knife to wash in the stream later. I turn on the stove out of instinct, somehow still thinking that the igniter will work. I shrug, remembering that the damn thing hasn’t worked in months, and grab the nearby book of matches. I strike one and light the burner, careful to cook on a low heat. I fry up the spam, my mouth watering all the while. Good food is so hard to come by these days.

I sit at my table, facing the window to look out on the world. //I like it here,// I think as I chew on the spam, //it's quiet.// A movement near the trees catches my eye and I reach to my hip, before remembering and smiling. I decide to go for a walk today.

I open the door into the sunlight and take a deep breath in. I cringe. Even after all this time, I can still smell it. Ignoring the smoke, I stroll down my road, alert, but comfortable. Looking around, I marvel again at the tranquility that surrounds me. It doesn't seem like that long ago that-

Shaking my head, I continue my walk. I feel strong today. It's amazing what carrying around an extra ten pounds can do. Chuckling at the thought, I recall the old women who used to carry five pound weights around while they power-walked in glaring neon colors. //Now, I understand,// I think with a laugh. 

The day nearing its end, I turn around and take the short way home. I hate the short way, but I don't have much of a choice. Daylight is dwindling. Stepping around rusted out cars and climbing over broken fences, I make my way to my front door just as the sun dips below the horizon. I look over to the east and the glow confirms my suspicions.

New York City is still burning.

As I latch the deadbolt and set down my rifle, I hear it scream. With the humor that only the condemned can know, I chuckle and think that the deadbolt wouldn't do a damn thing.

I'll sleep with my head under the pillow tonight.

Goodnight, world.
