title:Grasp On Reality
parent:the-lombardi-tales
[[>]]
[[module Rate]]
[[/>]]

Lemme tell you about reality benders.

First off, we like t'call 'em Bixbies.  Why?  One, in case somebody accidentally says somethin' in front of a civilian, it don't tip 'em off.  Two, if yer talking //to// a reality bender, they might not know all they can do, an' you don't wanna give 'em any ideas.

These fuckers are dangerous.  You see one, you don't engage unless you absolutely have to.  If you do have to, be polite, try t'think happy thoughts, maybe you'll have a good day.  Probably not.  Whenever you can, let the experts deal with 'em.

We don't try containin' them, most of the time.  Yeah, Foundation don't usually work that way, but we like t'have a world to live in.  So on this point, we usually agree with the GOC.  Better they're gone.  

Okay, so, you're fightin' somebody who can do pretty much anything.  How d'you stop 'em?  Well, first off, they can't do anything they ain't thought of.  Like, they can maybe all read minds.  But if they ain't thought about doin' it, don't know they can, then they're not gonna try it.  Remember, they're not smarter'n you.  They may be able to do things different, might know things you don't, but they're not smarter.

Second, they gotta concentrate.  We had one asshole, he decided he was gonna know about everybody watchin' him.  Fucker killed twenty of us before we just had a bunch of us rush him.  Couldn't get all of 'us, y'know?

Which kinds of Bixbies are worst?  Depends how you mean.  For my money, it's a kid Bixby.  Almost always ends with a bullet.  Sniper can usually take 'em out pretty easy.  But actually killin' 'em?  You show me a guy who just shot a three-year-old, I show you somebody with some damage upstairs.  There are worse things you'll do for the Foundation, but not a lot.

Now, hardest to take down?  Usually, somebody around late teens, early twenties.  Much younger, they don't know enough to do as much harm.  Older'n that, they don't got much flexibility in their thinkin' to try anything real out there.  Late teens, early twenties, they're gonna experiment.  They're gonna try anything that springs t'mind.  They're not gonna be slow an' careful in figurin' out what they can do.  We get one o' them, we pull out th' big guns.

Now, it don't always end with us killin' 'em.  Sometimes, especially older ones, we can talk with 'em, a little.  Convince 'em the world ain't worth it.  Get 'em to move on somewhere else.  A lot of 'em will even do it on their own.  So far, ain't one of 'em ever come back.  No one knows just why.  Maybe this world really is that much of a shithole.  Or maybe somethin's eatin' 'em, I don't know.

Anyway, now you see what I mean when I say a giant turtle ain't no big deal, even if it is spittin' fire at us.
