title:Groups Of Interest
Obviously, the Foundation is not the only group with an interest and investment in the paranormal and metaphysical. There are many other groups in existence who possess, use, or attempt to create SCP objects, either for their own personal gain or for the protection of mankind. Some are rival organizations, some are splinter groups of the Foundation, and some are trusted associates of the Foundation. In any case, it has been deemed necessary to create and distribute a brief on what agencies the Foundation knows about, and our stance towards them.

[[toc]]

++ ███████████ ███████ Labs
███████████ ███████ Labs was founded by ██████ ██████ in 1892 as a scientific research and development corporation based in [EXPUNGED] who had over the years developed several  current SCPs. ███████████ ███████ Labs was regarded as a profit organization, who, despite posing no direct threat to the Foundation, were relatively reckless in their regimens and refused the Foundation's recommendation of special containment procedures for several products. On 01/09/98, one of ███████████ ███████ Labs' projects, [DATA EXPUNGED], resulting in the annihilation of their base facility. In the aftermath, the Foundation swept over ███████████ ███████ Labs' ground zero and recovered several surviving products and personnel. Products were retrieved as SCPs and survivors inducted as Foundation personnel. The Foundation is currently attempting to establish contact with ███████████ ███████ Labs' branches and affiliates.

++ The Chaos Insurgency
The Chaos Insurgency is a splinter group of the Foundation, created by a rogue cell that went A.W.O.L. with several highly useful SCP in 1924. Since then, the Insurgency has become a major player on the world stage, using the SCP that it obtains for the its own personal benefit, and to consolidate its global power base. The Insurgency not only deals in SCP, but also in weapons running and intelligence gathering.

It makes use of dictator regimes in Third World countries, often using their populations in the same manner as the Foundation does D Class Personnel. Because of this, it helps to maintain the extreme poverty and war that is suffered by these countries, so that it can continue its radical experimentation, easy conscription of forces, and lucrative business deals with rebel factions.

Most of the SCP possessed by the Insurgency are unknown, but of those that are known, the most notable are the "Staff of Hermes", an item capable of warping the physical and chemical properties of any matter it touches, and the "Bell of Entropy", an object that can cause a variety of destructive effects depending on where it is struck. Both of these SCP were originally ones obtained at no small cost by the Foundation, and were stolen by the original founders of the Insurgency. 

The main base of operations of the Insurgency is unknown, as are its leaders. This organization is directly antagonistic to the Foundation, coming to clash over SCP several times. Personnel are made to be aware of possible raids, terrorist attempts, and spies from the Insurgency, and to notify command about any strange behavior of fellow personnel.

++ The Church of the Broken God
Shortly after the discovery and containment of [[[SCP-882]]], several members of this "church" came forward and demanded the return of "the heart of god".  Lead by one Robert Bumaro, they are a group of zealots, believing many of the SCP items to be parts of a "god" that was broken after the creation of the universe.  By restoring it to it's whole state, they will also gain godhood.

They are extremely hostile to Foundation operatives, branding them "heretics", and will attempt to kill operatives and break containment of SCP items.  It is unknown how they are able to detect these items, but they have shown their ability to do so with frightening accuracy.  In addition, they have shown a remarkable ability to resist the mental effects of SCP items, notably SCP-882 and it's "mental lure".

The Church is viewed as a threat to both the Foundation and SCP.  Members are to be detained by force, or eliminated by whatever means deemed necessary by Foundation agents.

++ Army of the Guardians of the Islamic Revolution
Also known as the Iranian Revolutionary Guard or the Islamic Revolutionary Guard, the AGIR or IRG (depending on whom is asked) was developed as a separate but parallel military to the National Iranian Army. The intent was to create a secular military and a religious military to act as checks and balances to each other in the newly-formed Islamic Republic of Iran.

Since its inception in 1979, the IRG has taken on all paranormal investigation in Iran, and become the foremost paranormal agency in the Middle East. Iran had long been a hotbed of paranormal activity, but not until the inception of the IRG had there been an agency who had attempted to weaponize any of the paranormal artifacts in Iran.

The inherently religious nature of the IRG, combined with their sheer military force, willingness to use it on foreign agencies, and their perceived legitimacy in the international community makes them one of the most dangerous elements in a world filled with inexplicable forces.

A rogue operative known as [[[Bijhan]]] has retrieved documentation of the IRG's involvement with both [[[SCP-112]]] and [[[SCP-139]]].

++ "Foo"
There is little information known about this character. Name, intent, full appearance, race, even gender is unknown, being referred to by "his" nickname only to simplify things. The few constants, is the heavy black garb that "he" is always wearing, "his" extensive knowledge of the SCP, and the large male doberman that is constantly in "his" presence. The dog shows considerable intelligence for an animal, and has been seen to carry out complex actions.

"He" has been sighted all across the world in places with high SCP activity, and has been seen to have several in "his" possession, although none could be positively identified.

"He" has alternately helped and hindered the Foundation at various times, giving no concrete answer as to why.

There are several theories as to who "he" is, up to and including that it is:

* many people masquerading a single person.
* an Agent from the future keeping the timeline in check.
* an extraterrestrial being with an interest in keeping the status quo of the planet.

All of these theories have proven to be inconclusive, and the identity of "Foo" remains a mystery.

++ The Global Occult Coalition (GOC)
The GOC was created in the aftermath of WWII, from the remnants of defecting Occultists, Psychics, Priests and Scientists from Allied, Nazi, Soviet and Allied states, brought together and formed by the Allies. As the world stage broadened, so too did the number of countries that had their hands in the GOC, until it became what it is today.

The GOC are a largely political force, seeing themselves as the police of the paranormal world. They pride themselves on destroying supernatural entities, and make use of the most high tech experimental technology possible, obtained from their benefactors. Many potential SCPs have been destroyed by them before the Foundation could obtain and contain them.

They have been both on the side of the Foundation, and against it at times, depending on the situation, although they hold the Foundation in contempt for their use and containment of SCP, rather than their out and out destruction, but have respected it's formidable might enough so as to leave it mostly alone, although there have been some questionable incidents that the GOC have strictly denied having a hand in.

As such, Agents of the GOC are to be treated with suspicion.

++ The Serpent's Hand

The Serpent's Hand is the name the foundation has given to a small organization which has been responsible for several security breaches.  Not much is known about The Serpent's Hand; at least three individuals have been encountered, all which seem to used possible or confirmed SCP items for infiltration purposes (including [[[SCP-268]]], which was stolen from the Foundation [Who had in turn recovered it during a raid of a Chaos Insurgency facility]).

From the little the Foundation has been able to find about the Serpent's Hand, the group seems to highly oppose the containment of safe and euclid SCP's, especially those which are sentient and relatively safe humanoids.  The group seems to have unfriendly relations with the Chaos Insurgency and the AGIR, as well as particular antagonistic relationship with the GOC, who they see as ignorant zealots.  The group seems to be much better known to these organizations, and almost all the Foundation has been able to find about the Serpent's Hand comes from information leaked from the GOC.

The total amount of members belonging to this organization is unknown, as is their level of technology, number of possible SCP held, or total level of threat.  However, it is clear they are highly coordinated.
