title:In a Yellow Wood
[[>]]
[[module Rate]]
[[/>]]

He finished his day like he usually did - he closed his notebook, exited the lab and took the short walk to the gate.  As he passed through the gate, he gave a wave to the guard on duty, turned right and began the walk that would bring him back to the starting point in about half an hour - a slight uphill climb the entire way.

Autumn had settled on the woods the week before, bringing the trees to their full colors, but the weather remained comfortable. He let his mind drift as his feet automatically followed the path, a small smile creasing the corners of his mouth as he considered the simple beauty of the equations that explained the anomaly. The equations had led to many other discoveries, but his favorite would always be this path.

Close to the halfway point, he noticed that his right shoe was coming untied.  As he knelt to re-secure the laces, he glanced to his right, and took a sharp intake of breath.  He was looking at another path that curved off into the woods.

As he stood to inspect this new path, it disappeared. He slowly adjusted the angle of his head, and the path came back into view. With some experimentation, he discovered that there was a very narrow “window”, only a centimeter or two wide, that allowed him to see the path. He stood in quiet contemplation for several minutes, and then pivoted 180 degrees.  He spent several more minutes adjusting the angle of his head before he was able to verify that the new path continued into the woods in that direction as well.

He was amazed that he had found this path, but not surprised.  Certainly the equations did not preclude the presence of another path (or for that matter, multiple other paths).  In fact, he had spent some time several years ago trying to predict possible intersection points, but the theoretical nature of the exercise soon fell to the wayside, overshadowed by the discoveries that he and his team were making at the time.

He began running through the equations in his head as he looked down the path.  The curve of the new path was less pronounced than the original path, and it appeared that the new path climbed in a clockwise direction. He made some quick mental calculations, and was fairly certain that this new path would intersect the original close to the gate.

He was so engrossed in his mental calculations that he didn’t realize that he had started walking on the new path.  When he did realize it, he hadn’t gone more than 3 or 4 meters, and he quickly returned to where he could see the disturbed gravel in the place the two paths intersected. Or rather, where the two paths should have intersected. Several hours later, as darkness was falling, he came to the conclusion that finding the original path was not going to be easy.

He spent a restless night there, curled up in the place where the two paths should have crossed.  At first light, he spent a fruitless hour trying to locate the original path again. He needed to think, and he had always done his best thinking while walking the path.  He hoped this new path would provide the same inspiration that the original always had.

He used the heel of his shoe to scribe a large X at the intersection point, then began walking the new path clockwise. After two hours of walking uphill, he returned to his mark.  He hadn't seen any other paths. Or buildings. Or people.  Just the autumn woods spreading off in every direction.  But he had formulated a idea.

He pulled out the small notebook and stub of a pencil that he always carried with him and sat down on the path. By mid afternoon, the area surrounding him was covered with pieces of paper, some crumpled, some with large portions crossed out.  The majority of the pages, however, were spread out in front of him. He had re-created the "theoretical" intersection equations that he had started years ago.  He didn't have the anwers yet, but he felt fairly confident that he would have them, given some time.

He stood, placed his hands in the small of his back, and bent backwards, eliciting a symphony of snaps, crackles and pops from his spine.  He needed to stretch his legs and let his mind wander. He looked both ways on the path, eventually deciding to travel counter clockwise on this trip. His mind preoccupied with the equations, he started walking.

He came to stop some time later, a slowly building sense of dread finally breaking through his thoughts.  He was surveying his surroundings, trying to discover the cause for the feelings, when the realization hit him hard enough to take his breath away.

//He had been walking steadily uphill the whole time.//
