title:Influenza
parent:dr-gears-storytime-entries
I've been sick for days now.  That bubbling nausea that fills your throat, makes you feel as if you're about to throw up every time you burp or so much as breathe out your mouth.  Holding the toilet, resting my head on the cool, cool porcelain, I really question why in the hell I don't make myself throw up and just get it over with.  It's just not something I can do...thinking of forcefully gagging myself...ugh, it's almost worse then I feel now.  Almost.

Suddenly it hits me, and this is it, this is IT.  I feel that slick, sour spit coat my throat, my belly tightening up as I push my head over the bowl and spit.  For a split second before I explode, I realize this thing has not been cleaned in a while.  Then I vomit.  Hard.  Mucus-rich and acidic, it pours out in a hard, jetting stream from my mouth and nose, burning my nasal passages like fire.  It hits so hard, it feels like it should be coming out my eyes, too.

I vomit again, and again, the third time bringing up just some thin, reeking slime, and I gasp a bit, getting my breath back before the next wave.  I pitch forward again, eyes tearing as they squeeze shut, and I feel another hot jet of filth pour out.  Opening my eyes, it seems...different.  A tarry black, and there are...things bobbing in it.  I don't have time to look too hard, before two more hard retches double me over the bowl.  These are more pinkish, and I can definitely see some kind of meat in these.  Hamburger, maybe...

More vomit, more oddness.  I don't remember eating any kind of jelly, especially cherry.  It's starting to hurt, a deep spike each time.  God, how much can a person throw up?  When did I eat noodles that long...or that big?  The goo in it is getting thicker too, and pink...starting to feel at least a little better.  Ugh...when did I eat a balloon?  My belly is feeling better now, really light.  Jesus...whatever that was is floating still...almost looks like it's pulsing, or beating...going to have to move to the sink, toilet's almost full.  Feeling better now...hungry, actually.  Very hungry.  Starving.  Ravenous.

I feel so empty.
