title:Last Moments
[[>]]
[[module Rate]]
[[/>]]

The water keeps rising.

Days ago, it was just a point of light in the sky. Hours ago, it looked as big as our sun. Now, at midday, we are shrouded in darkness. When we look up, we only see the orb approaching.

A dull white ball, with jagged veins pulsing throughout. The texts described it quite well. Every couple hundred orbits, we would "intersect", and it would approach. It looked different every time, but it always passed as soon as it went; glazing horizontally across our sky, they said. But I think this is going to be different. My family thinks so too. In the back of our heads, everyone here wonders if we will die tonight. 

The water keeps rising.

Our community was isolated in a mountain range, stretched out from the mainland and surrounded by sea. Hundreds of us, dispersed in a tropical valley that weaved in between. Quite the place, in comparison to the flat yellow terrain encompassing our entire world. But now, at midday, we gather at the tops of mountains and watch closely. We were once many feet above sea level, but now we are surrounded on all sides. The ocean will come pouring in soon. 

But me? I fly far out to our highest peak. My elders call back for me, but I don't listen. Our feet are terrible for gripping snow, and my wings give way as the air does, so I sit a little ways down. I look up now, and cannot see the orb's outline.

The water keeps rising. 

First slowly, but then quickly, the ocean fills into our homes, our streets, and our farms. It was violent, explosive, and anything but slow. Our plants were flattened long before they were drowned. Our towers held up not much longer.

The ground began to shake. Cracks rippled throughout the surrounding land, and those that weren't filled by water released a thick black smoke. The orb grew bigger and bigger, but never seemed closer. The only remaining light source was the spewing lava.

The water keeps rising.

I was the only mountain standing. I called out for my father. I screamed for my mother. All that responded was the rushing water. As high as I was, I still had to smell the smoke's vile stench.

My body began to feel funny. I was... I felt lighter. Seconds later, I was weightless. The wind blew heavily, and I was lifted into the stars. I rose and rose and rose. I felt free. I could finally fly higher than everyone else in class. I could finally see the beauty of the red nebula where we resided. I could not breathe, but as everything was sucked from within me, I could still see. I was falling away from my planet, and I watched as it sank into the orb, and gave way to dust and light.

Why did this have to end?

The remains of every living thing were now scattered across the orb. When the dust settled, the eye was complete. [*http://www.scp-wiki.net/scp-1094-ex And then your probe came].

But me? I watch the cosmos, in an endless orbit around the planet that shattered my home.

The water keeps rising.
