title:Metafiction
Dr. Northrop scratched his ear nervously, and tried not to wonder whose mannerism he was imitating.

As the senior staff -- //Bright, and Rights, and Kondraki, and oh god Clef, and Crow, and Gerard, and Gears, and Light, and even the Fishmonger// -  filed into the conference room and took their seats, he could not help but compare what he knew about them with what he had learned.

"Th-thank you for coming, gentlemen. And ladies. And... and Dr. Crow. I'm... I'm sorry to disturb you all, but --"

"Get on with it, Northrop!" someone -- was it Kondraki? -- snapped.

Northrop winced, took a deep breath, and continued. "Yes, Dr. Kondraki, of course. Sorry. I've... I've called you all here because of some very disturbing results from Project: Turtledove, results which I feel may have significant repercussions for us. Not... not for the world, or for humanity, but for //us specifically//. The people in this... this room."

Dr. Gerard's brow furrowed. "Turtledove. Turtledove. That's the alternate timeline one, right?"

"Yes, it--" "Working with Gephardt to expand our network allochronously so that we can connect to another timeline's Internet and pillage their Foundation's files, yes. Sorry, Northrop, I could tell you were going to have trouble with that one," the Fishmonger finished kindly.

Northrop winced, and continued. "Uh... yes. Now, for the alternate timeline R-zayin-H-517/6, we experienced some significant difficulty in locating that timeline's version of the Foundation. Their Internet in that timeline is quite... quite ubiquitous, and the absence of media reports on interactions with... with Euclid-level entities is... well, we thought it a definitive indication that that timeline has an SCP Foundation to take care of these problems. But.... none of the standard domain names were in use, our dedicated IP blocks were unallocated... and then I, then I found it. If you'll consult the flash drives I've prepared beforehand, you'll see the... oh god. You'll see the entire content of their Foundation's site."

Northrop held his breath while the others pointed-and-clicked their way through the files. After a moment's silence, Clef spoke up.

'Is this some sort of //joke//?", he spat angrily.

"N--no, sir, it's quite serious."

"Bullshit! Their version of the Foundation is hosting its website on a //public wikifarm//?"

"Yes, but...."
