title:"Nobody" HUB
__**To Be Named Later**__

A man unnamed stands and awaits another’s arrival. Patiently he stands in front of the building for the “Special Corps Project.” Twiddling his thumbs and playing with his knife under his jacket, he spots a man walk out of the building. “Alright, I’ll have to ask you to move yourself from the premises, sir.”
“No.”
Hand on his gun now, “Who are you?”
“Just call me, Nobody,” said the man. The guard’s face went pale as the man smiled, inserting the knife into the guard’s stomach, twisting it, and finally pulling it out. He proceeded into the “Warehouse”, only it wasn’t a warehouse, it was a research facility for the SCP Foundation.
“This will do nicely,” said the man. Proceeding on he found his way into a security officer, the officer was carrying a Sub-Machine Gun; the officer aimed the gun, and the man revealed a loaded .38 and fired. The threat eliminated. He snatched up some documents and ran toward the way he came.

  When he finally got away from the facility, he got a good look at the stolen papers.
“Perfect,” said Nobody as he flipped through his pile. He slipped them in his jacket and headed to an address he wrote in his notepad.
----------

Dr. Martin got up at 6:00 AM to a package on his doorstep. “Huh, no return address…” he carefully removed the tape to find a bunch of documents labeled “Top Secret: For only the eyes of personnel level 3 clearance or over,” Martin dialed a secure line. It rang… “Hello?”
“Martin, this better be important.” Said the Commander of his unit at The Chaos Insurgency.
“You know those papers we we’re looking for…” Martin noticed a note attached to the package.
“What about the-“ click, Martin hung up to read the note.

“As the storm may come to pass.
Yet, still reminded of your distant past.
Now, hold up your end you see.
Or your throat and my knife,
Soon shall meet.”

But what ‘end’ did he mean? There was an address on the back…
--------
   He approached a house in Boston, it looked pretty normal; white paint, nice porch, the only thing out of place was that it seemed to have a large armored van in the garage. He lifted up the garage door and entered. His prediction was correct, there was a large armored car that said “Super Cash Protecters! Call us at 1-800-555-5555 if you need your money delivered the //right// way!” It was obviously a money transport service, and probably worked for one of the banks in town.
--------

   He entered the house to find a man tied and gaged, still alive, but wasn’t going anywhere. There was a loaded revolver on the table with a note saying, “Do it.” He picked up the gun, but Martin wondered why whoever he was dealing with wanted him dead?
  He put the gun down and he felt the touch of cold steel of the back of his head. “I knew a freakin’ terrorist wouldn’t do it…whatever happened to ‘Chaos for the sake of good’ huh!?”
“Who the h*ll are you?” Martin said as turn around as to disarm the man. A loud bang was heard as Martin fell to the ground.
“I my friend, am Nobody.” Martin slowly closed his eyes…never to wake up again.
