title:Observations
[[>]]
[[module Rate]]
[[/>]]

> I think I like this place. Agent ████████ told me that as long as I stayed nice and quiet, the Foundation would treat me well. It's kind of lonely being stuck in an empty cell for several days, but I guess it's a fresh change of pace from that musty old park. I wonder why I never left earlier.

> The Foundation people keep taking me to this special room where they keep doing random things to me. First they tell me to write things, then they repeatedly ask me questions while they poke and prod me, and sometimes they just tell me to lie on a table for hours at a time. I should probably get around to figuring out what they're up to.

> I just noticed that the Foundation staff around me stopped referring to me by my number. It feels kinda nice.

> They've let me wander around part of the facility because of my good behavior, though they do have to keep an eye on me. I'm going to find out why these "humans" seem so different from me.

> I've been spending some time at the infirmary, just carrying out menial tasks, watching what the doctors do, and asking some questions. Apparently, humans aren't made out of cloth! They just wear it as some sort of outer skin, but underneath they have all these other things called muscle, bone, and tissue. I don't know what those are, but I'm pretty sure I don't have any of those.

> Something was odd today. I passed by Ben's room like I always do every morning, but he wasn't in it. I've asked everybody I know what happened to him, but they all just look away and pretend he never existed. Then █████, the security chief, pulls me aside and tells me to forget about Ben, for my own good. From the look in his eyes, I could have sworn █████ was scared of the same thing happening to me.
> 
> I never did find out what happened to Ben.

> My days have gotten far busier after Dr. ███████ told me I was going to get a job at the Foundation. You wouldn't believe how excited I was to able to do something helpful for the people who've worked so hard to take care of me! Usually I just cart boxes from room to room, though sometimes they just make me sit in a room with some other objects. Sometimes I'll just sit there for what seems like hours while sometimes the doctors tell me to do random things. I do remember one time I had to go into a vacuum chamber and inspect the walls for leaks. Apparently, humans need to breathe this stuff called air, or something.

> Things have gotten much more hectic lately, and to be honest, I'm quite scared. Doctors and research assistants are carting crates everywhere, SCPs are being moved or disappearring altogether, and like that time with Ben, everybody I know is trying really hard to pretend everything is perfectly normal. I've learned at this point that it's a good idea to not ask questions and just continue with your work.

> Dr. ███████ locked me in a room with a toaster for a week. If that's some sort of joke, I don't really get it.

> So I managed to land a temporary job at the Site infirmary. Like me, humans can be sewed back together, but it's just a bit more complicated. Either way, I'm pretty good a suturing, and I spend my time reading the doctor's books and files so I can understand how the equipment and medical procedures work. It took a while, but I managed to memorize every organ and bone in the human body and what they do. I'm pretty sure it'll be useful later on.

> Dr. ███████ just told me that I might start working with Euclid and Keter level SCPs soon! The thought of it is real exciting, and my heart would be pounding if I had one!

> **Adminstrative Note:** //After careful review of these writings, it has been determined that stricter but discreet security measures for Site-██ must be implemented. Also, Dr. ███████, his staff, and all related personnel must attend a mandatory "Workplace Ethics" training seminar.//
