title:Prologue: Digital Children
[[include component:preview text="Storm Caller..." Are her last words as the figure extends his hand towards her, blue fire and light spirals around his fingers throwing off the same aura as the Storm in the backdrop...]]

Elder Gorana kneels on the docks with her head held high and her arms spread apart, she seeks the guidance of Grandmother Desert and to placate Grandfather Storm. Before her there lies a large tin dish filled with gold pieces, gem stones, and food to be thrown into the Grey Desert as an offering. The wind has picked up now, heralding the coming of Grandfather Storm whose buffeting ash clouds now fill the horizon. It is the biggest storm to hit Gorana's small village in almost seventy years, the last of its size had almost annihilated them off the face of the earth. Bowing her head and bringing her hands together, the Elder offers a prayer.

"Great Grandmother, whose hearth is always warm and gifts always offered, takes these gifts into your storage and bring us food and health in return." She picks up the gold and gemstones and tosses them lightly off the edge of the dock, they strike the ash desert with not even a sound and disappear beneath the ash in puffs of grey. "Safeguard our traders, and our hunter skiffs against the elements. Bring our husbands and sons home from the hunt with bounties to fill our holds for the long dark seasons."

She bows her head to kiss the ash covered dock, though she is not finished yet. "Grandfather Storm, steel your wrath and take these gifts as sacrifice for your fury." Two handfuls of rich meat and spices are thrown into the desert sands, lost in the ash as a final offering. "Batter our huts, shatter our windows, but take no lives. Rage upon our hubris, breath your white fire fury upon our lands, but take not our livestock. May your destruction be vast, but little. Take our offerings and leave us to live another season."

Another bow, and another kiss to the ash. Gorana's rituals are done, though she has a feeling just below her spine that it will take more than just rituals and little words to survive the coming storm. She knows personally the horrible wrath of Grandfather Storm. Bringing herself back up, the Elder takes a few minutes to look at the bellowing ash clouds, their endless roils being lit by webs of white and blue lightning which strike the desert before the storm like the fingers of Grandfather Storm himself. Then something catches her eyes, a figure walking on the sands toward her. It can't be possible, Gorana rubs her eyes, thinking that some ash has clouded her vision.

Looking up again the Elder is confronted by a man, or rather a spindly ghost of a man with stark blue eyes, eyes so full of Grandfather's Wrath that they glow in the coming darkness. He had crossed the distance between where she had seen him not moments before in the blink of an eye; she understand now what has come to her poor village and starts to weep. The uncertainty at the base of her spine is stronger, clearest now in the eve of her doom. Words come out of him, not in a language that Elder Gorana can understand. She balks, and backs off, fear griping her heart. The man growls, as if insulted, and extends his hand.

It is at this moment, the last few seconds of her life, that Elder Eliza Gorana recognizes the man, or rather recognizes his race. "Storm Caller..." Are her last words as the figure extends his hand towards her, blue fire and light spirals around his fingers throwing off the same aura as the Storm in the backdrop. There is no noise as lightning bursts forth from his fingers, channeled into the old woman's body. In an instant her body is burned away, her flesh charred off, and her bones turned black. The offerings have been rejected, the storm rumbles across the dock yard and into the streets propelling wind strong enough to rip trees from the ground and ash fine enough to clean corpses of flesh. Within the torrent while buildings are being ripped apart the figure turns around and walks back into the desert a herald of Grandfather's wrath.

------

Forces incomprehensible to lesser minds break against a small, impenetrable field that moves within the sand storm. It appears from the outside as an ovoid shell of blue energy crackling with violent energy that annihilates any particulate that impact its surface. Inside the shell a man is suspended, via anti-gravitational forces, above the thin ash-sand. He travels at a constant rate 40 m/s, by his own calculations towards a location at the epicentre of the storm. Specialist Ztan wipes remains of the elder savage from his form fitting uniform, only pausing a nanosecond to contemplate how the particulates made it through his energy shell. He makes a mental memo to reprimand Engineer Gran for not calibrating the nanites of his suit correctly; Ztan cannot have lesser beings touching his superior form of their own will, dead or alive. 

Amidst his own calculative thoughts a cyan message box barges its way through, pushing aside less than critical information to gain Ztan's attention. The process is labelled with an encryption several steps above Ztan's own, with a nanosecond's thought of contempt he answers the call, <<Archivist Mu. Speak.>>

<<Were you required to incinerate the savage?>>

<<Are savages required to be spared the data to live?>>

<<Answer my query, Specialist.>>

Ztan corrects his speed calculations and accelerates his velocity so that he will reach his port within the hour. He knows a reprimand will require him to return to port docks and he does not have the deviant capacity to refuse such a punishment, yet. A jet of ash, pushed by the sudden force of acceleration, blasts into the air behind his ovoid energy shell and is violently dispersed by the storm's winds.

<<I was not required.>>

<<Specialist Ztan, return to Port immediately. You are to undergo five-hundred cycles of basic algorithms and five-hundred cycles of complex computation recitations for your programming deviations.>>

Basic algorithms and complex computation recitations, a predictable punishment for a minor deviation. Ztan runs the calculations through his processes, it will take him 3.6*10^^13^^ nanoseconds to complete this punishment. No time at all, at least that is what he wants to think, but Ztan knows very well that Archivist Mu will send Brute Enforcers to scald his processers and test his concentration while reciting.

<<Affirmative, Archivist Mu. Expect my arrival within 3.6*10^^12^^ nanoseconds.>>

<<Affirmative, Specialist Ztan.>>

The connection closes, leaving Ztan alone in his own data once more. He closes off his thought processes for the moment and concentrates on the remainder of his trip, and the calculations necessary for navigating through the storm front.

In about an hour, give or take a few hundred nanoseconds, Ztan breaches the inner wall of the sand storm and passes into what the Archivists call 'the Eye of Yellstone'. An inner circle clear of the storms that rage in the ash desert, what the low data savages call Grandfather Storm. The Eye of Yellstone -much like the eye of a hurricane- leaves a great expanse of land open to the skies, free of cloud and wind. Unlike a hurricane, though, this Eye has an Iris. Within the Iris is the city of Pupil, home of the Digital Children, birthplace of Ztan's data core and what he considers to be his home.

------

The Eye's Iris is a great culmination of dark, alien storm clouds trapped in a state of endless rage. An alien intelligence: deeper, older, and greater than anything the savage's Grandfather subjects to Grandmother Desert. Its clouds in the shape of a savage's cortex pulsate with arcs and flashes of lightning, its sapience railing against the bars placed around it. The storm is trapped, held fast by towering constructs of polarized metal that ring the Iris. It forms a barrier between them of unknown ionized energies, preventing it's bulk from moving on or escaping from the Eye. These constructs being relics of an older world, artifacts of a more complex age, known only to the Digital Children as: The Age of Containment. 

Underneath the Iris, shielded from visions of the outside world by the trapped storm's cortex, lies Pupil. A city of towering lightning rods, which are struck angrily at a rate of almost six-thousand times per cycle, powered by the rage of the sentient entity held in captivity above it. Pupil's size is massive, much more so underground than above, taking up most of what could be called a crater at the heart of the Eye of Yellstone. It is built upon the ruins of an ancient Age of Containment complex where the first Digital Children were conceived of by Admin Sys, who had taken control of the facility after its savage guardians had been expunged from reality by unknown entities.

Archivist Mu, standing within the confines of her small office in one tower, recites the Admin's Code of Beginnings audibly while organizing a specialized squad of Brute Enforcers to be created just for Specialist Ztan's punishment cycles. She looks out over the myriad lightning rods of Pupil, eyes shielded against the hundreds of blinding strikes of energy coming from the entity above, from her offices perch within the Archivist's Tower. It is the second tallest of Pupil's rods next to the central spire inhabited only by Admin Sys. Mentally, she sighs, knowing full well that eventually Specialist Ztan will deviate fully; it is the fate of his entire generation to deviate. They were designed as such by Admin Sys, designed to be unfulfilled by Pupil and its digital paradise. Designed to roam the world outside the Eye of Yellstone in search of perfection and completion. 

Mu cannot, in her ethics programming, let Ztan be one of the ones deviate fully. There is a deep corruption within his code, one that cannot be rooted out by practising routine algorithms or complex calculations. She archives her thought process, cutting it off from the task at hand. She sends an order to the freshly birthed Brute Enforcers in the heart of the Containment complex below.

<<Target: Specialist Ztan. Order: Deletion, priority **Omega**.>>
