title:Relationskips
parent:the-lombardi-tales
[[>]]
[[module Rate]]
[[/>]]

It don't pay to get too close to anyone in our line of work.  They tell you that all the time.  You will, though.  We're stupid like that.

First time you're in real danger, you should be thinkin', "Gosh, I'm in constant threat of my life.  A relationship would be a distraction, and not fair to the other person."  Unfortunately, you are made for passin' on your genes.  First time you're in any real danger, every part of yer body, every fiber of yer bein' is gonna say, "I almost died!  Commence to havin' sex."  This is because your body's an idiot.  It thinks you're still a primitive human in the Great Rift Valley, an' the danger it has in mind is a leopard comin' to eat you.  So it wants you to make a replacement, fast.

So you're probably gonna ignore all this advice.  You're gonna find someone else.  Maybe a cute girl you meet downtown, or, God forbid, another agent.  You've seen the videos.  You've heard the stories.  You know how we can end up.  Imagine that's someone you care about.  Yeah, that's fun.

Now, the Foundation ain't gonna tell you you can't have a relationship.  The higher-ups ain't that stupid.  Never give an order what ain't gonna be followed.  Instead, they send you to "counselin'."  They hope they can change your mind.  Hey, you know what they play in the counseler's lobby all the time?  Old Yeller.  Yeah, that's the sublety an' understandin' we've come to expect at the Foundation.

But like I said, it doesn't do much good.  You're probably gonna do it anyway.  I'm just hopin' maybe one or two of you is smart enough to listen.  

The rest of you, though, are gonna get busy.  Maybe get married.  Maybe have kids.  Best case scenario, the stress of the job drives you to a divorce.  Worst case scenario, one of you had to put a bullet into the other one, because it's the kindest thing left.

And God help you if you ever fall for a skip.  Seriously, don't do that shit.

Was I ever married?  Yeah, once.  Her name?  I don't remember her name.  They won't let me.
  
...I think she was beautiful.
