title:Ripped From the Headlines
[[>]]
[[module Rate]]
[[/>]]

I stared at the television, barely catching the words, as Helen settled into the chair.

"...gone, nothing left but a giant hole.  The hurricanes reported in the region were actually the result of air and water rushing in to fill the gap..."

"Come on, come on," I said, flipping to another channel.  I couldn't care less about North Korea.  I was looking for the big news.

"...for our own protection, according to sources within the government.  The president denies knowledge of..."

This was better, but still not quite there.  I tried another.

"...The prime minister has avoided comment thus far, but sources in Parliament have confirmed that the Global Occult Coalition is partly funded with crown monies.  No word yet on..."

I shook my head.  Not quite there yet.  Helen's expression was disapproving, but I changed the channel again.

"...just a service, Robert.  Our clients have refined tastes, and we do our best to attend to them.  I don't think you'll find that we've done anything illegal.  It's just..."

Click.

"...calling for a trial by the international court.  The SCP Foundation has refused to comment so far, however..."

"Someone will be talking about it..." I muttered.  I changed it again, and this time was rewarded by a young woman being interviewed in a studio.

"...didn't really, no, but it was awfully lonely," she said.  She was blond, in her early twenties, it seemed.  Pretty face, though not so pretty as Helen.

"And all because of your... talent?" the interviewer asked.  Boorish man.  Glasses.  I can't stand a man in glasses.  Puts me on edge.

"That's right," she said.  "They said it could be dangerous."

"Can we see a demonstration?" asked the interviewer.

She nods, and is handed a photograph.  It shows another man, dark skin, fine suit.  As soon as she takes it, it begins to move.

The host calls backstage, and the dark-skinned man walks in.  His picture matches his movements.  When the girl touches the picture, the man jumps, and says he could feel her touching him.  A close-up shows his skin indenting in the spot where she puts her finger.  I can see now how her finger goes into the photograph.

"Have you always been able to do this?" asked the interviewer.

"Since I was younger, at least," she says.

I turn the television off, and stare at the wall.  It was so much.  There were people out there who could do such marvelous things.  It was all I could do to keep from weeping.  I wasn't alone.

I brushed the flies from Helen.  She'd been dead only a few hours, but I needed to finish her soon or there would be a smell.  I tore the skin and flesh from her arm and pulled off her ulna, and began to chew, muscles around my jaw swelling and growing to let me crush the bone.  Once I finished, it was time to look outward for once.

The world was new, and for once, I felt I had a place in it.
