title:Scp 241
class: safe

Origination: SCP 241 was originally in the possesion of an elderly 3 time widow.  She had been prosecuted and found innocent of poisoning of her second husband.  When her third husband died of an acute allergic reaction she told a national rag newspaper that it was her magic cookbook that killed him, and that she didn't realize that cooking the recipes inside were dangerous. It was during a regular fact checking of stories in fringe newspapers that the cookbook came into possesion of the SCP group.

Description:  The book itself has a red and white checkered cover, with the title of " Good Home Cooking ".  Looking in the book it has 99 recipes categoried in typical sub sections.  The recipes change with whoever is holding the book a detailed look at the ingredients and instructions reveal nothing nefarious about those recipes.  As long as the book is held open the recipes do not change.

Testing:  When a cookie recipe was made for a D class personel  he had died of an acute allergic reaction.  A second D class test subject with a known allergy to peanuts was ordered to open the book 77 of the recipes contained a form of peanuts the other 22 recipes did not contain obvious forms of peanuts.  When the subject was ordered to pick a recipe to be cooked for him he picked one that did not contain peanuts, a cheese fondue.  Upon tasting the fondue the subject died of an acute allergic reaction.  Further testing revealed that certain oils cooked over a long period of time mixed with certain cheeses can make a polymer chain very similar to peanut oil.  

Security: The book is to be kept in the library of sequestered books that contain dangerous knowledge but are not directly hazardous locked in its own case.  The library is to have two illiterate guards guarding the inside of the library at all times.  The status of their illiteracy is to be tested by lie detector once per month.  

Conclusions:  It is possible that new molecular processes can be discovered by examining some of the non-obvious allergenic recipes.  Also the recipes might be able to be used as a non detectable form of assassination.  In addition some of the more dangerous humanoid SCP's might be able to be affected by the recipes.



Nov 13  2008   Dr. Menendez of the medical team has asked for the use of the cookbook to diagnose any unknown allergies to all class 2 personel and above.      permission granted ( We want to make sure no one has any mishaps for Thanksgiving )
