title:Scp 342
[[div style="float:right; margin:0 2em 1em 2em; width:300px; border:0;"]]
|||| [[image http://scp-wiki.wdfiles.com/local--files/scp-342/LJ_Train_Tickets_sm_276x275.jpg  width="300px"]] ||
|||| a collage of the different manifestations put together in one picture ||
[[/div]]


[[>]]
[[module Rate]]
[[/>]]

Item: SCP-342

Object Class: Euclid

Special Containment Produces:  SCP-342 can simply by locked in a small box or filed away in a drawer.  It is small enough to stored alongside its case folder, and posses no danger just from being looked at or handled, for it does not mentally compel people to redeem it, as all casualties were results of conscious experiments.  

Description:  SCP-342 has no set form besides being made out of paper, but most of the time it takes the shape of a small train ticket, as the nearest transportation to where it is being held at the moment, ████████████, is  ████████████████ train station.  The object has the innate ability to turn into a ticket for the closest place that uses tickets as a form of entrance when left by itself, inert, but when carried by a person, can morph (always when no one is paying attention, or not looking, it seems to do this the most frequently in pockets when agents are carrying it on the move) into a ticket for the locomotion service the person wants (whether this as been articulated or not)  to use or like before mentioned, the nearest station. It appears exactly like the other tickets used for entry, and is different in no discernible way except for the physiological effects on the holder (after the stub is torn) and the serial number (which of course has to be different from other tickets.  the serial number changes every time and always makes logical sense)   It has been used for buses, trains, and subways, and every time the stub has been torn off has resulted in triggering a long intricate process that in the end, erases the victim completely from our reality and as theorized, into one of tortuous eternity.  When the ticket is used, the stub ripped off, given to the costumer, and the ticket is put in a drawer or throw away( where our field  teams  reclaim it and file it away again, and after a few days the stub will regenerate see doc #342 A) the user enters the vehicle and can never get off.  We theorize they are cursed to ride however.  The bus, train, or subway stops but they don't,  they can't get off,  and when it finish its rounds, and ceases moving completely, they disappear , presumably to keep riding another version of the train/bus in a different dimension or reality.  We have lost all contact with personnel after that point and search of the transportation have not turned up any signs of their bodies or mental traces (nor do we expect  them to, see Doc #342 E, members of our research group have actually witnessed the ticker redeemer fading away)  The user of the ticket also seems to experience mounting dread slightly prior to (but only in sight of the ticket booth) and after the stub it torn; this seems to be the pivotal moment.  The horror grows subtly as the ride continues.    Signs and experiences include: ( as they see it.  Though the sights seem to be mostly confided to the redeemer, we don't think they're hallucinogens, but rather marks of some invading reality slowly creeping into the riders world, centralized on the vehicle, the passengers, and the direct surroundings outside, likely readying or easing them with slight shifts into another plane of existence or time)  the darkening of the sky outside, such as a dropping of fog, premature night, or most frequency dreary depressing weather, often with strange figures glimpsed,  innocent things taking on  a ominous prophetical tone (subject often hear completely different sentences or the same sentence, normal sweet pleasantries, said in an deeper or more knowing voice.  Subjects have reported  hearing phrases like //"you'll never stop"// when other observers have heard //"you're stop is-",// have a nice day with a smug smile, or enjoy your trips and then a greasy chuckle afterwards that everyone else missed.) the noticing of deformities and disgusting features, almost as if their attention is drawn to everything bad in the world,  feelings of perversive terror, dread, nausea, headaches, confusion, difficulty moving (as if the air was thicker one noted) or other dreamlike feelings, all and all physical symptoms differ from person to person,   //"something like deja vu but different, worse",//  a almost pathological fear of the drivers/conductors who they seem to view as the epicenter of the entire event, and often speak of capitalized, with great forbidding, and will only approach or even go further down the length of the vehicle in hysterics( this is however almost unnoticed on buses, it seems to only manifest on trains and subways, where the engineer  is closed of and thus unknown) strange occurrences completely preventing the rider from getting off of the vehicle, even to the point of invisible force fields, the knowledge that is impossible to get off coming quite quickly after that (thought agent roberts who volunteered on the second bus ride said in his last radio contact, the he had always known deep down when he got on that he wasn't getting off even from the beginning) possibly complete electronic failure or even breakdown of the physical reality, but this is difficult to verify, as by this time, the journey of the redeemer  is almost complete and all the passengers have left, leaving no witnesses (surely even if they miss the rest they would see this) (the only notes we can go by on this is the infamous January 2007 incident, where Agent Erin manged to stay with subject bunwhich until the very end, and witnessed the lights flickering for about an hours until going out completely one by one, and hearing //"incomprehensible noises from the operators room"// but by this time agent erin was already so deep into it that this is probably beyond what the normal agent would see) and finally what we think is most important as to revealing the nature of how the singularity works, the subject does not see passengers leaving or getting off the vehicle, but instead they vanish from their seats when the passenger is not looking there way (in the base reality that the observers see, they can be clearly watched leaving) and are often erased from their memory, or see as part of a beginning that started out fine and got progressively worse, and their disappearance only confirms that things are going down hill, or they stay their in the subjects mind, even if they have left the bus in our reality, sitting in the same spot, but altered only slightly, so slightly amiss, only something is off.  These dulplegangers  can take many forms and are not identical every time, but there are some perceptible patterns, women are often covered in thick dark veils and sob lightly under them, babies that where on the bus are now turned into swaddled bundles that squirm and cry, (in four cases, the blankets have eventually been pulled away doing the crescendo of the experience, but what is under them is unknown, since the subjects are always insane at this point, although we can give a general guess as to what the infants would resemble) everyone acts in a mysterious manner, children walk up and down the alleys silently and often come directly up to the subject and ask enigmatic question, the old are often disfigured horribly beyond belief, and the added monstrosities only become worse after more passengers are replaced.  Subject are often detached from the "real" passengers or view them similarly; in bus experiment three and four, subjects  attention was drawn away from the people around them to empty paces, where they apparently saw something that held their attention, distracting it from normal everyday people.  In one, the subject couldn't see or hear the agents trying to comfort him at all, and in the other the subject saw the agent sitting next to him and documenting him as a weird blind guy ( the agent was admittedly wearing sunglasses at this point) completely forgetting that the agent had entered with him and they were rationally talking a few minutes ago.  Though the experiences are mostly confined to the redeemer as we have said earlier, almost everyone around them is affected in some way, whether they wish to admit it or not.  Civilians, though reluctant, and avoident to almost at neurotic level to questioning, do acknowledge //"a bad feeling"// like a nightmare, which explains why the bus /subway/train empties out so quickly, the passengers preferring to walk the rest of the way, thus making it easily for the force to torment the victim without interference or messing with too many other minds.  Agents accompanying the subject for research have reported paranoia, and anxiety, often the disposition that everyone employed or associated with the transportation in some way knows more then they let on, and they often catch the meaningful stares,  slight laughs, sinister winks, and dark proclamations meant for the person sitting next to them.  In fact most of the time the agents and the subjects experiences are identical for the first ten to twenty minutes, at which point they begin to diverge steady with the agents remaining on a steady plateau  of unease and the subjects going higher and higher into the realms of panic and oddness.  This seems to support the hypothesis that at least the base moods of the ride are seen by everyone, and most just subconsciously choose to ignore it.

Doc #342 A:  Object was discovered in Chicago, during 1936 by  {DATA EXPUNGED} (see handbook 48, security level four,  on common methods of acquirement, specifically section five "operatives among the populace". ) After a large grant to the area were it was being stored, we decided to reopen the case, since information in the paperwork was sparse, to say the least, and with advances in technology and knowledge, we hoped to come to a conclusion where others before us had not.

Doc #342 B: The common procedure after use of the ticket is to immediately take it back, which the employee should not mind  since it has no monetary value, but it they protest, their is permission to invoke the authority clause, and use on of our many badges.  If the ticket is not repossed, it will dissapear into the pile of trash or drawer it is thrown into, and reappear somewhere else near by, stub regrown.  We found this out through deliberate trial. After several experiments where we did not think of what would happen if the ticket was lost, not knowing the danger, and focusing more of the ride itself, this venue of investigation appeared to one of our members.  He suggested forgoing our usual routine of handing the ticket over then grabbing it back, often using intimidation, (we did this so we could get it back and test it again, not because we knew that if we didn't it would vanish) and rather let it go through the usual process that normal slips experience, being bundled up in a stack with a rubber band and put in a cashier, as it was at this location.  We agreed and watched the till with vision goggles, to note if it could move or telport.  After 2 hours and 13 minutes, the first moment when both our watchers were distracted( agent Cinulure yawned, and Dr  Lank turned his head to listen to another doctor's report on how our subject was doing on the subway) the ticket stopped registering under screens.   We immediately ran over, (we had set up a small post in a abandoned store across from the till and tracks) and forcibly opened the drawer( at this point the worker became uncooperative, and we were forced to arrest her and shut down the area).  Sure enough, the ticket was missing, but no other contents were disturbed.  We sent out an alert to headquarters, and after consideration, they bolstered our ranks considerably with a large retrieval team.  This is the event that ungraded the object from safe (the reports had not be written yet, but that was the designation we were planning on using) to Euclid.  They warranted that since the object could move by itself, has a limitless(or so it seems) amount of times it could be used, and apparently obliterated all its victims, it deserved a sizable task force after it and sent several experts to assist the leaders of our crew (the lower members where not let in on the process, apparently the finding and recovery of inconspicuous objects is confidential.   ((it's obvious that it would be harder to do then finding powerful items that show off there uniqueness, so this evidently requires some sort of secret method involving spying and observation rather then just searching for large outbursts of energy.)) )  Some of the group consisted of agents who simply did a sweep of the radius, which we were allowed to attend.  The rest were however information gathers, who stuck with us for the long term.  After three months SCP-342 was recovered from a New York man, who allegedly had bought it from a roll of tickets only 20 miles away from where we lost track of it.  We did not miss the implications of this; apparently SCP-342 can integrate itself into lines or rolls of tickets, and can infiltrate ticket machines and booths.  This means it could be used and sold, and used again and again, floating among innocent people, dooming them, and they would never know it until their fate was sealed.

Doc #342 C: Our first experiment with the ticket had a Class D personnel member enter onto a bus using the object.  We stationed agents at each of the stops to observe his behavior without actually entering onto the vehicle (a precaution in case everyone who got on was in some way effected; the old reports was vague in this area)   Many times he simply sat in place, or paced up and down the aisles. Increasingly he began to stare outside in horror and  the last few times we could not locate him.  At the final point before the bus was to be parked for the night ,we saw him pounding on the window with a pleading expression, screaming towards the agents for help as it pulled away, a strange mist filling much of the background behind him.

As we could not draw many conclusions from this annoying vague event ,we decided to track down some of the passengers and interrogate them, to hopefully shed some light on what happened.  Many were hesitant to talk or claimed that they did not notice anything, saying they were preoccupied by something or distracted by illness, aches, or feelings of foreboding.  We finally found some useful information (although  we realized later that the illusiveness of the passengers, they not telling us anything, actually told us a lot) from three boys, one Caucasian 15 year old and two Hispanic 16 year olds who were riding the bus near the front for part of the trip.  We were told that our test subject had tried to leave several times, but his pulling on the stop bell was always ignored, and the doors seemed to close right before he could get out.   He would run and not just not make it, or walk from a distance and get manipulated to the back of the line.  Finally he sat right at the head of the bus so he could be close enough to get out in time, but every chance he got their were to many people swarming on or off for him to leave.  Something about this event seemed to bother the boys, but one of them was particularly irritated, but could not explain the source.  Under hypnosis, he described, what to him was a moment of pure dread, that he had seen the a few people in the crowd of passenger actually push the man back on,  subtly hold him back, or trip him, all while staring ahead innocent, like they didn't even notice that they were doing it  This psychologically distressed the boys so much that they repressed it, along with everyone else.  Finally after caroling  and shouting at the driver that he wanted to get off for a good ten minutes, which the driver strangely ignored, until he turned around and told him to be quiet, like he being unruly ,not voicing a legitimate request, the man went back to his seat, apparently giving up in desperation.   (  two of the boys said that the man actually shrieked and stumbled back to his seat in fright when the driver turned around at him.  The other didn't realize that the two were in conflict, which is contrary to his usual habit of avidly looking for and watching fights and scenes on the particularity rough inner city buses)   After going back to his seat, the boys said they promptly forgot about him, most likely because he was not struggling anymore.  The next time they saw him he was three seats back, then 5, then seven, almost as if because he had stopped resisted, the bus was pulling him back.   The boys did not recall seeing him getting up to move, but sure enough ,ever time they looked, he was father back.  This was all they could tell us, and it seemed to cost them plenty to even reveal this.  Apparently the mental blocks are there for a reason, for after our session, the youngest teen screamed, //"it was like it swallowed him in the end"// and promptly had to be hospitalized for extreme psychosis.

Doc #342 D

Subway Experiment Two was another significant one, as this was the first time we had an observer alongside the passenger.  Agent Strahm payed attention to the smallest details of the Class D personnel's behavior, and took various fluid samples, and tested organs, mostly the heart and brain, until the man become too aggressive to examine.  He also recorded an excellent log of all the subjective and objective events.  since the physical examinations provided no special signs, except that the subject was in the midst of a typical nervous breakdown, we have decided to only give the condensed happenings, without any irreverent scientific evidence, and allow the reader to draw a theory from the events, not the blood flow charts, scans, cortex activity pictures, x rays, heat pictures of the train itself,  or metal samples, though incidentally, all these can be found in document 546 b.  The two men bought passage, the prisoner presenting the ticket.  Immediately, he became aggravated and said to the person accepting his ticket, //"what did you say to me, bitch?  Are you threatening me?"//  He was quickly hurried along, and  in fact, was almost separated from the agent accompanying him.  (there seemed to be some trouble with the security guards.  Agent Strahm reports that they stared at him in a confused manner and said only one at a time, which quickly turned into a chant.  Nerveless he managed to bypass them, even though one threw himself in front of the door.)  One the train, he became very quiet, which was opposite of his usual manner, since he was one of our most violent inmates.  Agent Strahm continued testing and interviewing until the prisoner said softly "Let me off this fucking train"    When agent strahm said that they could leave after a few more hours, the prisoner became insanely aggressive, and began jumping up and down, off the walls, and swinging on the bars and holders, while howling like a primate.  Agent Strahm knocked him out with a blow to the head and handcuffed him to pole.  To assuage civilize fears, he held up a badge that said he was a U.S marshal and went back to his analysis.  One fascinating thing he noticed was that the prisoner had entered rem sleep, which is extremely odd to have it happen so quickly (only after three minutes) ,especially resulting from being knocked on unconscious.  After the man woke up, Strahm told him he would help him get off the subway as soon as possible, if he cooperated.  Holding him tightly, they attempted to leave, but a large crowd swelled around them and pushed them back.  The second time, the agent told everyone on board to stay in their seats, and when walking out he flashed his badge, but still he could not get past the incoming rush, which was very  unproportion and unusual to the normal amount that rides during that time of day.  The prisoner was almost pulled away from him, by grasping dead looking hands, that agent Strahm could not attach to arms or people, but due to the agents quick thinking in which he handcuffed himself to the prisoner, they keep together.  (the prisoner was still not reassured by this safety measure.  he clung to the agent like a frightened child, so tightly that Strahm had bruise marks on his chest and arms for days,  no where near resembling the bold and vulgar self he was before, and screamed several times //"they're slipping off they're slipping off"//)  In the chaos, agent Stramh's badge was knocked out out his hand, that he was holding up high over the throng, so anybody could see it, and he sustained a blow to the side on the head.  During the ride to the third stop, agent Strahm, in a highly aggravated manner, interrogated the new passengers to find out who had hit him.  No would give him any hint or clues, and many became hysterical to the merest question or touch.  One women began wailing when Agent Strahm grabbed her shoulder, although she was later silenced when he began shaking her vigorous.  He also threw a man down, and though he does not remember it, the cameras show him punching another in the face.  He will however not be reprimanded for his loss of control, due to extraordinary circumstances.  In his own words //" i felt dizzy and everything seemed to spin around me in a blur.  i almost reached for my gun when i heard a someone say 'you shouldn't be on here'  They were all so oblivious, so innocent, so fragile, it was driving me mad"//  Before they could try again, Agent Strahm wanted a fully coordinated plan to get the prisoner off the train.  Using his radio he communicated with agents at the next stop, although the line was staticy and broke up frequently.  The voices on the other end although spoken in a normal tone of voice by men and women, sounded like they were whispered by terrified children.  both sides said they heard the person talk in a quiet small voice, like a scolded kid or scared ten year old, which is a very drastic contrast especially in the case of Agent Hung, who is a loud boisterous guy, turns out  to have been heard whimpering out a scheme.  Eventually everyone agreed on a stratagem.  It was at this point that the prisoner began beating on the door screaming //"let me out of here."//  Agent strahm, although sympathizing, said he would have to sedate him if he continued.  This seemed to dismay the prisoner more the anything else and he is recorded as saying//"  No that's how it started.  a lonely dark ride in unknown parts of the country.  travelers and drifters.  the unattached.  they would fall asleep, with a bottle of booze and oh god, when they woke up they'd still be going.  still be on.  don't you get it.  they wake up and even though they slept for hours they still be on, who knows where"//  He said he'd be good and responded to the warning by curling up in the fetal position, eyes spinning madly.  When they stopped, four agents boarded the subway, using their numbers to their advantage, pushing their way threw the crowd.  When one was overwhelmed, four managed to clear the passage way, athough they had to use dramatic measures, including a pistol shot to the ceiling.  Agent Jacobs went to tell the driver to stop the subway from moving. the agents on the platform quarantined  the area.  word was sent to cut the power to the area and scientists had begun setting up their own generators to power lights and equipment.  We had enough info, now we wanted to see if we could defeat it.  

Agents Strahm, Macabyern, Cinulure, and Smith, and Dr. Gunsther all attempted to lead the prisoner off the train.  In absence of people they thought it would be easy.  however when they attempted to pull him, they could not move him.  When he was standing up, not matter how hard they lifted at his feet, they would not raise him over a center line.  They had him lay down, then pulled on his arms.  he would not slide.  They became frustrated and began scolding, for not working with them, apparently thinking he was holding onto something.  Agent strahm looked bewildered and said //"he's not holding onto anything, there some kind of wall."//  They then displayed shock.  It turns out, to them, it looked like the prisoner, out of malicious disobedience, was purposely going against them, and they  saw him gripping onto a bar, which did not contadict  in their minds against the fact  that they were pulling him, holding onto both hands. rendering this idea impossible  Dr. Gunsther gained a deep expression on his face, and wandered off, on that day writing most of the thesiss  for this article.  in light of of the impossibility of physically removing him, command decided to dismantle the subway, one metal piece at a time, our ultimate goal to take apart the entire thing, and have the prisoner lay open on the track.  When we were gathering the saws and laser tools, and our back's were turned, the door closed, and the train began to pull away on its own accord.  We did not manage to catch up to it until the next stop, and passengers immediately filled on, despite our commands not to.  We could not find the prisoner, no matter how hard we searched.  He was lost to us.

Doc #342 E

Agent Bunwhich volunteered to redeem the ticket.  He felt that someone more knowledgeable of our terms and procedures could provide better communication.    Accompanying him was his good friend Agent Erin and Doctor Haber, although he was later seriously wounded by a vagrant and had to be evacuated.  The ride on the subway started out normally enough, athough Doctor Haber noticed that because of their bond, the two agents experienced the identical events much longer then the average,  and even when Agent Erin did not see the visions Bunwhich did, he still fully understand what Bunwhich was explaining.  He could empathize with what he was enduring.  We believe that because of this connection, Bunwhich stayed coherent and sane for the entire length of the ride, and was able to calmly rationally talk about otherworldly impossible events without breakdown of linguistic and mental functions.    For this reason, this experiment was the most useful and rewarding.   Many notes about the  ride,  especially the way it seemed to sneakily insinuate itself, entangling the senses and mind slowly, came from accurate first hand judgment.  Another reason we believe he was relatively composed is that he never tired to leave the subway, made it his goal, or put too much energy into the idea, thus avoiding the collision against the futility of it all.  From this log, we wish to demonstrate a number of important things, mostly the states of mind of the three researchers

Dr.  Haber:  Now, let's try to get you off this thing.

Bunwhich: No

Dr.  Haber:  Excuse me?

Bunwhich:  It's to risky.

Erin:  We could get separated or hurt.  We know what happens every time.  something bad.   I'm not taking that chance.

Dr.  Haber:  But he doing so well.  Maybe that's all it is, a willpower thing.  You're keeping yourself together and now you can use your will power to simply step off like non before you.  (excited)  the willpower to pass through the gates!

Erin:  If there is a test, it's not here, it's at the end of it all.  There where he's going to need us, our support.  there's where it going to happen...  you can still get off, right bud?

Bunwhich:  (quiet)

Dr.  Haber:  well here's the stop.  I say we at least attempt it...for results.

Bunwhich (morosely)  you'll get your results.

(they walk towards the door)

Dr.  Haber:  jesus!

Erin:  Step back!

Our teams have encountered homeless individuals before, perhaps acting out the impulses and whims of the paradigm behind the ticket.  Most seem mentally ill previous to entering the train, where some energy seems to influence them and cause them to become even worse.  Before we knew that they could act as conduits in a intensity the the normal person couldn't (although the mob  as a whole seems to  perform in the same way, at a equal amount of a power,  and often accomplish the exact designs in a slightly different manner) they were simply regarded as curiosities, like many other creatures that inhabited the ride.  The cloths appeared as rags, hardly a piece larger then a dishtowel, and they were tied around their twisted bodies in dirty tangles.  beards were often shaggy and knotted together, and indescribably filthy.  A smell and rank rose from them that was unbearable, and there were no people near them in a certain radius, although small animals that should of had an unfeasibly hard time entering the vehicle enjoyed crowding around them.  (in one case, a subject deep in the midst of the ride, stared out of his window and saw a giant rat racing alongside.  a homeless man, who had suddenly appeared next to him a few minutes earlier remarked in a gritty voice //"thats my pet.  i eat the fleas off his back to clean him and he tells me the secrets of the underworld"//)  Often, if the subject is female, they will grope and grab, and unfortunate in one situation, a prisoner was raped on the floor of the subway as it sped along.  Whether they are sleeping in small twitchy bundles or staring fervently at the rider, always their mouth is a glass bottle , either in a paper bag or hanging limply out of their hands.  We have analyzed the liquids inside and four times they have turned out to be urine, 2 paint thinner, 3 times gasoline, and in one rare case human blood.   However we only began to focus exclusively on the bums after two incidents, one where a tramp lit himself on fire in front of the door screaming " i am the guardian!" and one where a observer was strangled by a deranged drifter who shouted "the city lives!  the city lives!  (which incidentally, has been appearing in graffiti all over the town soon after we started using the ticket.  Are the building and vehicles themselves doing this?  Do they have some small intelligence deep in side all along?  And are we awakening it?  Or is the ticket itself giving them power and a evil cunning?  By stealing the subjects away in phantom trains, does it feed off their physic auras and return it the the thing that carted them unwillingly?  On billboards and sides of brick this phrase is seen, and thought we have been experimenting mostly in blank, after only two test runs in the town of blank, the words have arrived there as well.)  After every attack, protocol is to subdue the madman, and  take them in for questioning.  This has not been success.  They have given us no data, and we have found no traces of their existence so we have committed or terminated them.  In the case of the giant who threw Dr.  Haber across the room and brook his neck, he was shot four times in the chest by Erin and later removed from the science along with Dr. Haber, both in stretchers.  The vagrant died on the way to base and although we transported him in a highly secure ambulance, his body dis speared when passing threw a abandoned part of town, specifically under a ruin of a train bridge.

True to his word, Agent Erin stayed with his comrade Bunwhich until the end.  As they headed towards the last stop of the night, all alone, at least in the sense of human company, (erin saw shadows flicking rapidly in the darkness and Bunswhich a masquerade of demonic figures, //"its almost crowded in here"//.  This is another testament to his courage, as he stayed restrained, even in talking to his friend, who after a few hours appeared to rip of the skin of his face and reveal a horned red faced monster) the very metals and materials began to melt like wax and mold and reform strangely.  Erin said he found it extremely difficult to think logically or concentrate , but he persevered to stay attached and talking to a increasingly deranged Bunwhich.  In the end the subway stopped but Bunwhish keep moving  at a slightly slower rate then a train would go (we believe it required a enormous amount of speed and force to break away from the material train, unlike diverging from the real mental reality which is fluid, and requires little dominance at all to effect)  This has lead to the formation of the idea that there are two trains; a shadow train and a normal train and they overlap, both physically and mentally, with some people seeing more of one side then another.  They both move at the same rate until the end, when the real train stops moving and of course, the shadow train can't, it's part of the curse,  it continues on, and splits, like a cell.  at first it only separated by a little, so the subject can't move to the very end of the real train, (this is only at the very last stop, during the rest of the ride the subjects can move where they will if they put enough effort into it, although there seems to be little incentive)  and then the line moves a little father up, and a little move, going faster and faster as inertia is acquired and some hellish engine begins to take over.  In the end, the subject sees the phantom train extended in one direction and the end of the phantom train south wise is the end north of the real train.  at this point they are completely diverged and the subject will ride something else one strange tracks that head threw walls and stone.  When described to agent erin, he said this is exactly what happened, and precisely how he organized the process.  At first Bunwhich could not cross a certain point on the stationary subway.  He said in his vision  this was the end of the train.  Then this line moved, because in Bunwhich's words //"the train is moving".//  He tried to fight it but couldn't resit and soon was pulled along quickly on his stomach.  He had enough time however to claw at the floor leaving long scratch marks.  He picked up speed and was flung against the conductor's door, at the very end of the train.  He started to get sucked through.  Agent Brin urged him hysterically to struggle but it was to late, only his face and hand stuck out of the soft metal, then rest was almost completely gone.  Luckily agent Brin handed him a pistol and urged him to commit suicide.  Then he disappeared.  Agent Brin flung open the door and saw a enormous spider typing and flinging over the various buttons and levers, while spinning Agent Bunwhich in a tight web.  The spider pointed a hairy leg towards the door, gesturing "get out".  Before agent Brin passed out from the terror, he observed one last thing, the (it was not truly an arachnid, it had far to many legs, and of course, spiders don't wear conductor hats) arachnid threw the bundled agent through the glass.  It did not break but he //"passed through it like air"//  Agent Brin saw him fall several feet above the ground, apparently levitating their, and then the faint outline of a train  continued down the blocked off with saw horses tracks, making foggy sounds and giving off a strange sickly green light from its headlights.   Brin collapsed,unconscious.  He woke several hours later on the platform.

Doc #342 F

We have set up several situations to try and discover the controls, permiters, and triggers of  SCP-342.  First we used a company bus and a driver that worked for our organization, and had the prisoner as the only passenger.  Nothing happened, even though the ticket was ripped before entering onto the vehicle.  We attempted numerous other combinations.  We had one prisoner enter onto a company bus along with other agents, and we had each also present a ticket to gain entrance.  We had them speak of this loudly and obviously, and even denied one agent entrance, all of this preplanned, because he did not have a ticket.  We hopped by only allowing those with tickets to enter we would firmly establish the basics, so on the buttun it would have the same things in common, setting a solid real foundation, allowing an  organized environment for the powers to manifest themselves.  Still, the object did not change to resemble a ticket for the fictional transportation system we created.  Next we had unaware citizens entering onto our bus, using tickets we had previously distributed.  Once again, our rider was able to leave at any time.  We were slowly and gradually increasing to the normal average standard where the events could only take place (as far as we knew) be altering one details at a time, type of vehicle, type of driver, makeup of  passengers.   We hoped to find the perfect point in between damnation and terror, a middle area where the subject would experience the effects but was not trapped.  This lighter  weaker version would be a very useful vector to study from.  We had a a group of bus drivers attempt to drive our empty buses with a prisoner on them, yet another change in the more extreme direction.  The drivers seemed confident at first, and very excited about the prospects we were offering them, but when the prisoner came aboard, either on a empty bus or a full one, both types were tried, the driver suddenly became very bewildered and overwhelmed, saying that the controls for our bus were too advanced or new to him, and he didn't understand the dashboard, he was more//" comfortable with his own bus"// and couldn't drive this one, even if it was simple or the same.  Somehow they felt that this company bus went right over our heads, and when we tried to show that it was identical, reteach them how to steer or push the pedals, they became nervous and depressed, calling themselves idiotic, eventually having their motor skills degenerate to the point of being unable to turn the wheel, which they saw as some highly complex device through the lens of willful stupidly.  After this, we tried to work around the demands of their minds by having the drivers use their own buses.  Making deals with the corporations and public departments,  by presenting the facet of a high up government bureaucracy, we had them set aside a special time when they would only pick up the prisoner and when they would stop.   although the bosses were fine with this, when the moment came, the drivers refused to change their routine //"for egg headed paper pushers"//.  Most became irate and angry with some kind of seething lower class rage, and all of them continued on the preset pathways, saying they were to busy or didn't have the time of day to go different routes just because some one orders them to.  Finally, in wonder at the way stubbornness and uncooperative impulses were being supernaturally capitalized on here, we came up with our final most dangerous plan, since it was the closest to the standard where the ride takes forever.  We made a deal with the driver that he would pick up the passenger on the same route as the public and only switch with another driver halfway through, ours.  Later in hindsight, we realized that perhaps the ticket was luring us closer and closer to this edge, by presenting situations that were so close yet did nothing, in hopes of having us go just one more alteration further, until we made the leap and gave it yet another prisoner.  And this is exactly what happened.  We told the driver Bucky Folsworth (who we had made a contract with that paid large amounts after the completion of his assigned task, and given signed commands from his superiors that basically said he would be fired if he resisted) to constantly be in contact with us on radio, and to stop at the fifth stop, park the vehicle and let one of our agents get on to drive.  When the prisoner neared the bus, the ticket turned to resemble a ticket to that specific vehicle.  This was it.   After realizing that this would be another doomed ride, several members of our team cautioned restrain and suggested we should send a agent to accompany the prisoner, but the consensus was we did not want to mess with results in this potential fragile situation that could suddenly became mundane (ticket would not work) at the slightest touch, and we were to tantalized by the prospect of having one of our own be in control of the curse.  It would be a extremely  powerful position, and the possibilities were endless; we could slow down the bus, stop it, speed back up and try to catch up with the phantom version after they split, keep driving longer then the normal public ride, and maybe even have the prisoner drive the bus, quick possibly creating a loop that could break the spell.  Unfortunately this giddiness and caution not to mess with a very important, perhaps once in a life time chance, only dammed another person.  When the bus driver reached the fifth stop he indeed parked, much to our joy.  However as he walked to the door he hesitated and at the same time the breaks must of stopped working, for the bus speed down the hill, crushing a little girl under its wheels.  At first we thought this was cosmic revenge, a life for a life, or a way for the power of the object to lash out, perhaps meaning that although it was furious, the prisoner was not fully in its grasp.  However we did not realize the the essential fact wasn't that someone died, but that the bus was still moving. We tried to get into communication with Bucky but he refused to talk..  We thought maybe this was because he felt guilty for the death of the child and was worried he was going to be punished, so we tried to reassure him that if he stopped now, there would be not repercussions.  At this we got the first word from him, a mumbled no.   We knew then that would had to use physical force to halt the bus.  Setting up roadblocks and tire treads, we punctured two of the tires, and temporary managed to tip it over on the side.  However he still somehow managed to go onto the highway and at one point we lost him when he went under the road.  When he was found again he was speeding, going at least 130 miles per hour in the middle of traffic in the opposite direction.  at this point, he was a danger to the entire populace, not just the prisoner.  We told local law enforcement to stand down, and chased after him with cars and helicopters.  The last sentence we got from him was "I'm not pulling over.  I'm a driver and thats what i do.  thats my purpose.  i don't need to switch.  i can get him wheres he's going!"  After this he shot off the freeway into open space for about 10 seconds, before crashing into another lower lane.  we don't know it this was intentional or not, as at the same time he veered towards the sides and headed towards the rails at a slant, a bullet was put into his head by an aerial sniper.  From reports, the bus hit the ground and exploded into a fiery blaze.  There were no survivors, and many bodies were never discovered or declared missing.  A report to be taken with a grain of salt is from one of the accident victims,  a 26 women who was suspended upside down by her seat belt and sustained a blow to her head from the crash.  She declares seeing a second identical bus rise of of the smoke and pull aside the wreck.  It opened it door with a large mechanical sound and waited there for a few seconds until out of the flames came a single burning silhouette shaped like a human copse.  This copse was said to have entered the bus and sat down, which then pulled away, which smoothly navigated the pile up before disappearing.  

 We hesitantly tried the same mix again; real vehicle, real passenger, real driver who knows what's going on and is in contact, three more times, but with trains this time.  We also had agents stationed at the train each time.  However a same mix up happened over and over again, the prisoners inexplicably went on the wrong,unsafe train, even if it was clear which one to enter.  somehow they got disoriented in the mob and entered the incorrect train, one with no personnel, safeties, or special equipment on it  From the logs

Dr. Haber:  ok, so your going to go on that train over there.

Prisoner: ok

Dr.  Haber: just present your ticket and get on.  there will be a man in a black suit waiting for you near the end.  

Dr.  Haber:  no to your left!  

Dr.  Rubert:  don't get on!   stop!

Dr.  Haber:  fuck-

Rubert:  goddammit.

Agent  Ogel:  you weren't even tracking him were you?

Dr.  Hauber:  no we lost him, shit shit shit

Rubert:  what a senseless waste/

Doc #342 G:  somehow in the course of the most recent events, a doctor got his neck stuck in the door when trying to help one of the subjects leaving.  As the train pulled away from the station, he was decapitated when it went past on jutting out stone ledge.   Because of this and the other unmitigatalbe      casualties that happen after every normal experiment (one subject per experiment) we have decided to self terminate our research, and even more extreme, although we have come to the consensus that is necessary, Dr. Blackfoot has decided to invoke stature 62, meaning that no other teams of our equal clearance can perform trials on the object without our permission or the overruling of a higher council.      We decided to only grant permission if they come to us with a novel test idea,  one that has no been done before,  for the usual experiments only waste lives and grant us no additional information.  On a related note, several civilians have have been buzzing on the topic of a haunting, specifically some kind of specter on the train systems that carries a mysterious bundle in their lap while riding the trains, roughly the size of a human head.  We have taken in several witness, but under no amount of hypnosis and drugging could they give a description of the apparitions face, saying it was obscured by darkness, or tell us what was beyond the shoulders at all.

Addendum 01:   (September 27 2008)  See Document #342 H

Doc # 342 H:   Doctor Joahhnes Getrim had disappeared from his house today.   You can't escape, in the end.    A year ago , we tried an experiment where the ticket would be torn but the rider would not get on.  Doctor Getrim decided to be the one to redeem the tickets, and immediately afterwards, hand an agent it and walk away, to a special on site protection zone.  He keep a daily journal, that has not be included, until now,  as doc # 342 H-01.  In it, and out of it, (he frequently talked to us until we began, unfortunately, viewing him as a nuisance,, a annoyance, who while disattached by his experiences, had nothing of value to offer) spoke of severe anxiety, neurosis, fear, and paranoia.  He had unrelenting fear of roads, and often stayed the night on site so he would not have to leave.  After several weeks of not leaving work, and suffering the mental and physical results of that, he was sent to a psychologist for review.  He brought up his research, and asked to be quarantined, for his own safety and others, but the way he went about his plea, prejudiced many against him, and sent a ripple of disgust over his pathetic antics through the office.  Although it is sometimes necessary, for the good of the company, to lock oneself up, many considered it very weak of him to implore that this be his situation, very weak and self serving.  His tactics backfired and instead he was merely shunted off to some small project not even directly involving SCPS.    The entire group was becoming more and more fed up with him, for arriving late , sweating profusely and looking disheveled because he had walked the whole way(which is quite the distance), refusing to accompany any field work  that involved getting there by transportation, and especially at his habit at always requesting rides home, both personally and lying, saying it was official business, since his car(strangely, a bran new Mercedes) kept breaking down.  After attacking a towman with his own wrench for telling him who should just take a bus home, he was dismissed for a undecided amount of time.  

This morning, thick tire tracks where found on the suburban street where he lives and he was reported missing by his wife, who remembers hearing him say, (she was half asleep herself in bed) late on the night of his vanishing, "well, i guess it time to go"   Neighbors report being woken up by the loud sound of a door opening, and by the middle of the street was a piece of luggage, just sitting there.  Had he accepted his fate in the end enough to pack?  Either way, he apparently didn't need it where he was going
