title:SCP Series 2
Please insert the Time Plug to continue.

#208: Looking through a small window towards a small thin membrane covering the floor. Suddenly it begins to bulge as if something was coming through. Got ready to run but the thing already burst through it, it is a nuclear capsule. Everyone dies because of the radiation.

#207: Text-based game. Electrical box has stopped working. Am told to go left, up a hill, and through some bushes to a shed. Inside the shed it is very dark and scary. Lights are very dim. [REDACTED] are around the room. I go to the back of the room. It is raining outside. There is a plug marked “Time Plug” with five prongs, connected to a normal plug and then a two-pronged plug. There was a box higher up in the ceiling which the wires were connected to. Lights go on. Investigation team arrives. Hears talking from under the floorboards to the right of the room. Enters second room. There is a radio transmitter unlike the others with a switch on it. Switched it on. We follow the wires, it goes into the next room and under the floorboards. The carpets are pulled up to discover a secret compartment filled with old books.

#206: Missile is being set off. No time to act. Opens missile silo, bomb inside, toxic gas, grabs terrorist from van and [REDACTED]. Goes up in elevator. Wrong place, gets back in elevator. Is raining outside. Congragulations. Back outside. Says they are [REDACTED]. I say back the reason for that I [REDACTED] was that I [REDACTED] a [REDACTED]. 

#205: Playing Fallout 3. Fast travelled to a power plant. Is actually the Duga-3, but a huge box with the antennas on the outside and a small courtyard on the inside. There is a huge, exposed transformer in the middle, supported by wires. Scene jumps to the inside of the building, appears to be a building inside the Duga-3 “square”. Tesla coils are on the inside, and what appears to be a set of stairs around the side. Avoids the tesla coils, but fails. Scene jumps to what appears to be a Minecraft minecart. Gets in it and goes up a track to the top of the antenna. Gets out into a small passage with lots of locked access restricted doors.

#204: On way to excursion. Forgot bag. Can’t make it to the train in time. Two huge fast trains. Both have double decks. Quickly runs back. Gets bag. Gets back just to see the train leaving. Man thinks can still make it. Climbs up steep surface with rope. Gets to the top and sees that is in wrong location and the train is leaving. Then [CUTS TO NEXT SCENE] noclips above train and [DATA EXPUNGUED] open the train door and [DATA EXPUNGUED] hiding under the seat [REDACTED] reassured [REDACTED] got off of the train using the back door while still in motion, transferred to the back train, falling behind, and then [REDACTED] door [REDACTED] seat, and then arrives at the station. Gets into lift. Then [CUTS TO NEXT SCENE] Lamp post [REDACTED] Window, [REDACTED] plate, [REDATCtED] toy car [REDACTED] iPhone 6 [REDACTED] Unknown [REDACTED]

#203: [REMOVED]

#202: DRX Description: On a bus. Person, gender unknown. Antagonist. Gives person a mint. But it is not what it seems.
Next part has been redacted because of R/ADRD Reveal. Cause: “- was actually a REDACTED” Text is not actual. Refer to Left Alone end for more information. Subject d-
wakes up in a large room filled with weird geometric shapes as the sound “Connection to Central Mainframe restored.” Walks through this room. Camera then zooms out (cuts to Third Person) and zooms out to reveal it is a huge building in the middle of another flat plane with more geometric shapes. Then the DRX stops. -id fit in with society and was normal in the DRX.

#209: Need to complete a mission objective in Fallout 4. While looking inside a deep mine, finds out about a secret train track which was previously blocked up that on the map leads up to just short of the place where the thing was sighted long ago. Suddenly zooms out to show it is on a huge rectangular man-made island, with several disused ports along two of its sides. The ports were names “Regular, Good, Better, Premium, and VIP” There were two more ports along the other side, “SVM” and “SCN” both looking very run-down and unused. Suddenly the whole thing changes into a cross-game between Fallout 4, Black Mesa and Portal 2. Zooms into the “SCN” port which is the port which was on the map. Zooms back out again, this time showing the entire island, and the Fallout 4 theme song starts to play. 

#209-2: Is in a shop for supplies. Passes a thing filled with fans. Suddenly something dark happens and starts running towards the door but it is too late as always. Suddenly it is revealed to be a film and there are two people with masks behind.

#210: Huge laser which someone is starting. Starts lots of huge motors and goes to laser which is on. Looks to the right and sees a bigger laser which was going to direct the beam into to produce a brighter beam.

#210-2: Either Fallout 4 or 3 game engine. Is underneath some sort of bridge. There is a family which needs to evacuate. Gets in car, and drives off the bridge and under the water. Everyone survives and have power armor but they don’t. I ask why they can s*****e this, and they say “Because we’re [CAUTION: DATA NOT FOUND: ANOMALY IN DATASTREAM DETECTED]”.
Then we see their [ERROR: DATA CORRUPT] at Christmas and receiving gifts.


Three Hole Drain
Description: The Three Hole drain is the most dangerous drain of them all. It has the power to directly fetch living entities from anywhere in the pool, and sometimes outside the pool, and bring them into it.
Danger Level: High-Extreme
Grate Drain
Description: While not being as dangerous as the Three Hole Drain, the Grate Drain can be just as dangerous when found in “packs” of 4 or more, especially with Three Hole Drains close by.
Danger Level: Medium

Spa Drain
Description: The Spa Drain is one of the earliest variants, and while it’s not a pool per se, the spa can potentially be more dangerous than a pool. The Spa Drain has several elements, the first being tens of small water outlets dotted around the spa itself. Then there are the Main Drains, which are the main intakes to the pump. They are by far the most dangerous part of the Entity. In special circumstances, small holes can also be found in the floor of the Spa, and in bigger Spas, even Three Hole Drains can be found.
Danger Level: Medium-High
Airlock Drain
Description: While not being dangerous on its own, the Airlock Drain is used to add an extra layer of dread to the atmosphere. It is usually found in a pool with multiple Three Hole Drains and Grate Drains.
Danger Level: Low
Wave Pool Drain
Description: Not much information is available for this drain. However, it has been known to cause mild nausea in subjects. Not lethal.
Danger Level: Very Low
Van Fan
Description: The Van Fan is a fan commonly found in mobile campervans, and airplanes. While it does not directly pull you towards it, it can suck the life force from anything with a soul placed under it.
Danger Level: Low - Medium
Pusher Fan
Description: The Pusher Fan is a huge fan, requiring several auxiliary air intakes to function. Unlike normal fans, this one will push you away from it, usually towards a better target.
Danger Level: Medium - High
SSRM
Description: The SSRM is the most dangerous entity in ALL DRXes. It can immediately end a subject by just sight, and has the ability to teleport anywhere almost instantaneously. The SSRM has been known to be activated remotely, however sometimes it can override this.
Danger Level: Extreme
Sweeper
Description: The Sweeper varies in appearence in each DRX. However it is usually a huge machine which will take up the entire street. Sometimes has an operator operating it. Causes subjects to run and hide behind buildings, and in places such as libraries, at night.
Danger Level: Medium-High
DP Pump
Description: While the DP pump is never seen moving, it causes nausea in subjects and [INFORMATION LOST]
Danger Level: [INFORMATION LOST]


Time: 8:33PM EST+9:30
Date: 30 November 2015

Authorized By: Oversight
From: Director 05-7
To: All Staff on Project <DIT.DOT>

A memetic agent innoculator has finally been synthesized and will be distributed to all staff. The Stormvault is no longer needed and the files inside it can be transferred to insecure storage at administrators’ discretion. DIT.DOT aka MLAATR will now be classified LOW as per decomissioning protocol. Please follow special protocol for episodes <REDACTED> which should be classified into the appropriate DRX, anomaly and Active Content filters as per protocol.

Director 05-7

Classification: Thaumiel

Included Flags: [Overridden] [Check Bypassed]

Caution: Restricted To: Director Level 4-A and above only, research levels 3-C and 8-E only, and classification level D6H only.

Specification: IEEE 6458-3920

Use: Raw Material Processor
Installed At / In: [REDACTED], please consult with supervisor immediately for more information.
Can Convert: (ANY MATERIAL) TO (ANY MATERIAL) keeping mass and physics laws in place

Estimated Worth: Incalculable

Quote: $120,436,000,999.99

Component(s):

1x Material Grinder
1x Material Saturator / Oxidizer
1x Metal Reprocessor / Automatic Welder
1x A\M Transducer (To Anomaly A.C.I.D. UNIT)
1x Anomaly A.C.I.D. UNIT
1x MCR AssemBLYLIne
1x Waste Matter Converter
1x Waste Substance Energizer
1x Sludge Decomposer
1x Fuel Storage
1x Acid Storage
1x Additional Grinder
1x Chemical Safe Saturator / Acid Alkalization / Alkali Acidization
1x Alkali Storage
1x Unprocessable Waste Reprocessor
1x Mass Fabricator (UWR)
1x Mass Concentrator

To be installed in: RCF-122348 (Alias: [REDACTED] TR-4)
