title:Shortage
You get up. You shit, shower, and shave, because you have to go to work. Like everyone else, you hate going to work.

It's not, generally speaking, all //that// bad. It's just stressful. You've got twenty or so people working with you, doing the work of fifty. Hell, they have enough cubicles for fifty.

It's the same thing when you drive to work. Your subdivision has about forty people in it, but there's houses for twice that many. It makes a sick degree of sense, though: The Powers That Be want people to end the labor shortage, so they hire people to build a ton of houses. They hire people to buy clothes, food, and cars for those houses. To be blunt, they want people to fuck, have a lot of babies, and fill those houses. Passive-aggressive politics at its best: //"We spent all this money making all of these cubicles and houses for you, the least you could do is populate them!"//

On the way, you notice that you wrote a bunch of numbers on a paper under your radio. You shuffle through all of them, finding dead air on most of them. One has someone playing, so you listen to the one that is playing.  Not much in the way of radio stations; there's just more important jobs to do.

You stop on the way to work to fill up your car. You see Rachel, filling up her car at the same. She lives in your subdivision. Pretty cute. You two fuck occasionally, but nothing serious. It's that pleasant time before one of you grows too attached, and you'll try to make something official, which'll ruin everything. You bet it'll be //you// that gets too attached. You wave at her, sitting on the ass-end of her car, listening to her MP3 player while her tank fills up. You make a note to ask her out when you're done filling up.

Again, the stupidity of the government smacks you in the face. There's eight fill-up spots. Can you remember how many times you've seen two cars being filled up? Sure, you're experiencing one right now. Three? That'd take you a while. Four? Never. Building too many cubicles, furnished houses, and gas station fill-ups in the hopes that the populace will just jump into bed, squirt out kids, and find use for them. Disgusting.

Your car fills up, and you close the gas flap. You turn back to the car, and there's still nobody there. As you're about to get back in your car, you notice that someone dropped an MP3 player on the ground behind the car. 

You know how expensive those things can be; you walk over to where it lays. It's still playing. You look inside the gas station, seeing if you can hand the player off to their owner. The store's windows, damn them, are //just// tinted enough that you can't see in. You're not a thief, (well, you sometimes steal from the uninhabited houses in the neighborhood, but when the Government stocks unused houses with goods that nobody will use, why not take a spare battery or a TV?), so you carefully thread the player through the crack in the car window. You dangle the headphones out the end, so that the owner knows what happened.

Your good deed done for the day, you get back in your car and start it up. You've wasted enough time, and now you're going to be late for work. That insufferable group of eighteen people are going to make your life miserable for being even a few minutes late.

Your drive into work is uneventful. It's too quiet, though. None of the radio stations you wrote down have anyone on right now.
