title:Smooth as Silk
[[>]]
[[module Rate]]
[[/>]]

The chair was uncomfortable. It was this little wooden thing, old, ugly, serviceable yes, but without mercy on the rear. The atmosphere was even worse: cold, still, and dark. There was one dim light in the ceiling, and six black monoliths in a ring. Each one had SEELE, then a number from one to six, then SOUND ONLY displayed in glowing red letters.

Dr. Kells was not afraid, but he was angry. He hated these bastards. Why the O5 had allowed them to continue their own hierarchy was beyond him. Despite the fact that the Foundation effectively oversaw all of their operations, setting foot in Japan opened up a well of unspoken hostility. This was their turf. The Foundation intruded on their work, and neither SEELE nor NERV forgot or forgave very easily. Sneaky bastards, always running around in the shadows of their semi-autonomy.

And they were a bunch of pretentious pricks to boot.

“Dr. Kells, you may now bring your case before the Board.” The voice was modulated, just like an O5s, though it was different software. He couldn’t tell which one was speaking.

Dr. Kells stood up and cleared his throat. The paper in his hand was the one to ruin their day. 

“By unanimous order of the Foundation O5 board, the SEELE Board of Directors is to hand over Sites 90 and 103, SCPs 3890, 3891, 3892, 3893, 3894 and 3895 to the Foundation, as well as all materials and information regarding the Human Instrumentality Project, Project E and Project Akira. In addition, SEELE, NERV, and all puppet organizations within the Japanese government are to be disbanded, and all staff of said organizations is to be delivered into Foundation custody. Failure to comply will result in termination without hesitation. The preceded edicts are effective immediately.”

“We are acting within the limits of the autonomy granted to us by the Foundation. These demands cannot be met, nor can they be enforced.”

“No, I’m afraid you’re wrong there.” Dr. Kells smirked. He knew they all could see it, so he laid the condescension on thick. Oh, how he hated these bastards, and now it was payback time. “Don’t think we don’t know. And don’t try anything funny either. If there is anything that goes wrong here, or if you bastards don’t cooperate, we will tear you down. Right now, four of the six of you are in a position to be killed immediately. We have access to the on-site warheads here at Site 90, and don’t think we didn’t change the codes, so this entire place can go up in a mushroom cloud if you so much as sneeze wrong.”

“Perhaps an agreement can be made.”

“An agreement? The decision’s already been made. You’re all as subtle as Jack Bright. All the pseudo-religious shit you throw everywhere, it’s embarrassing. You think we don’t have some theologians on staff? Think we don’t have access to those translations of 3980? Or that we don't know what happens when 3891 and 3892 are combined? Please. Your little quest at godhood has failed, gentlemen. Sorry to disappoint you.”

Kells looked at his watch.

‘Well, it looks like it’s about time to wrap up here.”

At that precise moment there was a:

Stabbing in Washington.

Gunshot in Toronto.

Gunshot in Berlin.

Explosion in Kyoto.

Gunshot in Beijing.

Stabbing in Moscow.

Kells had lied about only having four assassins. He had also lied about having control of the nukes. They had been removed, and replaced with a significant amount of antimatter in very, very, very secure containment, but not so secure that wiping out everything in a rather large radius wasn't still a possibility if worst came to worst and a few buttons were pressed by the right people.

Up above in the Geofront, and across the city at Site 103, and in Berlin and Washington and Toronto and Kyoto and Beijing and Moscow, the MTFs were already moving in. Kiss the ground, hands on your head. 

Re-acquisition 101, smooth as silk. 

Kells left the conference room, very glad that he’d never have to step foot in the damned place again. 

Now all that was left was dealing with Black Mesa and those nuts at Aperture Science, and then he could hit the Bahamas for vacation. It was about time.
