title:Surprise! Happy Birthday! Again.
[!--

THIS IS AWESOME, TROY! HOW DO I ADD MY OWN!?!?!?

Well, that's simple, Mr. Person Editing This Page.

Toss in a collapsible. Give us the name of your creepy pasta and your name as the "show", and put in a special birthday message as the "hide."  Make sure you put in a line break.

Have fun, guys! And enjoy Gears Day!


--]

> Well, well, well... What have we here?
> You've managed to survive yet another year?
> A year of work, of screaming children,
> A year of delving into things unbidden.
> Oh? What's that? We shouldn't know?
> All those terrible things you didn't show?
> Of course we do. We are your friends.
> Confidants. Allies. And more again.
> We know the stories, even those you don't tell.
> You see Gears... You give us our visions of hell.
> 
> Happy Birthday, oh Leader of men. We come to you again. Bearing tales. Tales of the third side of the mirror. Tales of the taste of the air when a child is screaming in sorrow. Happy tales. Sad tales. Tales if games that eat your mind. Tales of books that give you a black brilliance, the kind that gives answers, but only the kind without comfort. Tales of the song you hear when you sleep, but not when you wake again. Tales of the righteous throne of terrible glory. Tales about tales. Tales about you. Tales about us.
> 
> Some of them are even true.
>
> Happy birthday...! And many more.

-----

[[collapsible show=""Doomed" by RhettSarlin" hide="Congratulations on the first iteration of your 29th birthday. May there be many more 29th's to come."]]
It's coming for me. I try to hide, I run and do my best to avoid it. But it is a patient predator, and I know that with time, it will catch me. 

I can evade it for now. I still have to find a way to fix things. But I don't have long. 

It has begun to consume my parents, my wife, one of my siblings...none of them even realized the end had come for them. Now it has begun, and they are all doomed.

I can see it, I know what it is doing. I have to stop it before it consumes the rest my family, my friends, my children....hell, the entire human race.

But it can see me. It knows what I am doing too. I am next. And it is laughing.

It knows it has found me, it mocks my futile attempts to escape, following my every move. And once it begins its work, it will never stop until I am dead. 

It will decay my body slowly and painfully, withering my skin, tainting my hair, weakening my bones. It will rob me of my ability to run, to walk, to think, to breathe. It will slowly rob me of my sanity and my life, and all the while the world will think it normal, simply because they are used to it. Why do none of them ever think to look....

It is a predator. It found us on this world, and latched onto us. Ancient scriptures tell of the men it first began to affect, draining them of their eternal youth, unnaturally ending their lives. They invented other excuses for it, not knowing what was happening to them.

It grows more powerful every year. It has learned to begin younger, ever younger. Once you turn 30, it is too late. It has you.

But I still have time.
[[/collapsible]]

-----

[[collapsible show=""Daddy" by Bright" hide="Happy Birthday, boss"]]
The light was out. It was her worst dream, having the light be out. They always came for her in the dark. The monsters, the bad men, the creatures who hated her. She waited for them, shivering, her eyes closed, as she felt the harsh, warm breath on her bare ankles.

They called her name, from the shadows. She crossed her legs, then pulled them under her, trying not to let tears drift down her face. Gentle, sharp claws traced indelicate patterns across her arms, no matter where she put them. She wouldn't call out. Not this time. She would be brave. She would be strong!

She would bite her lip to keep from screaming when a tentacle crawled across her leg. No. She had to call out. She had to call:

"DADDDDDDDEEEE!"

Andrew rushed to his daughters bedroom. Only two and she had such horrible nightmares. He flicked the light on when he came in the room, and scooped his little girl into his arms. "Aw, lookit that, your nightlight burnt out! Don't worry little lady, Daddy will leave the door open." After a couple of minutes reassuring her, he set her back in her bed, and walked back to his own bed.

He lay down, sighing at the imagination on his daughter, and turned off the light.

The last thing he thought before he fell asleep was to wonder what was slithering across his feet…
[[/collapsible]]

-----

[[collapsible show=""Delicacy" by Roget" hide="Happy Birth Day!"]]

I'm sorry, where are my manners? I haven't said a word to you this entire meal. You can't really blame me though. This food is so delectable, so…exotic. It really is a shame you won't try any. Can I tempt you to take just a bite? No? A pity. You of all people would be able to enjoy it. Appreciate the subtleties, the textures…it would be so foreign, but so… familiar.

How are you feeling? You look a little pale. I know you are in good health, we made sure you were very fit. The sedatives might be causing you to be woozy, but you should have been used to it by now. I know this is a bit stressful, but you can't be sick at dinner. It would be quite sad to see your palette dampened by illness.

Let you go? But you've only just arrived! We barely even started the first course! By the way, your feet have the look of a traveler-a man who's been places, seen exotic flavors, trodden on strange and wonderful fauna. Where are you from? Ah, don't be like that. Please try to be civil at the table.

You have very muscular legs. Probably from all the travel and training. Interesting tidbit, the exercises we had you do were to keep your muscles firm and lean, not too tender and not too tough. The pinnacle of physical perfection. If you weren't being so modest, I'm sure you would agree.

You know what they say about a mans heart? They say it holds out a mans secrets, and all the things that he's experienced in his life. Everything touched by his blood flavors the heart, and keeps it unique from any other. No two hearts are the same.

Bon appetit.

[[/collapsible]]

-----

[[collapsible show=""Demon" by Drewbear" hide="It only comes once a year. Enjoy yourself!"]]
On my 21^^st^^ birthday, my sister gave me a Chinese wall scroll. A mountain view, simply done is strokes of black and green and purple. Spare and soothing, I keep it in a prominent place in my living room: a moment of peace in the turbulence of my life.

A couple of years later, I noticed something new in the scroll. A lone figure, perhaps a scholar, small but somehow exuding a sense of purpose as he trudged up the narrow, winding path towards the mountain. I wondered at how I'd missed it before. It filled a space within the scroll and provided a measure of balance while adding a slight note of tension to the scene. But overall, I forgot about it as I dealt with my troubles in work and school.

Last year, a friend was looking at the scroll and asked me about the figures and what I thought they were doing. Figures? Yes, another inspection showed the same scholar, only further up the path. And standing in front of him was a large creature, an oni, all done in swipes of intricate red and black. The scholar's back was to us, but the oni's face was almost... quizzical, rather than the twisted scowl they traditionally wore.

I kept an eye on the scroll ever since, but nothing else changed. Yet somehow, the tension in the scroll seemed to ooze out and inhabit the entire living room. Sitting in there, even walking through the room, filled everyone with a sense of... horrible expectancy. And somehow the thought of removing the scroll seemed even worse. ANYTHING could happen if it wasn't watched.

Today I looked at it and the scholar lay sprawled in the path, his robes askew around him. The oni is almost at the bottom of the path, at the edge of the scroll, claws lifted as if to rip at the edge of the scroll. And its face is looking straight out of the scroll at me.

I can't even touch the scroll now; when I lay hands on it, it feels like someone is stabbing my arms with knives all up and down them.

Last week was my birthday.

I have a year left to do something.
[[/collapsible]]

-------
