title:Understanding Memetics
[[>]]
[[module Rate]]
[[/>]]

+ Memetics is not a thing that eminates in an aura.

Memetic is often incorrectly by new personnel as the official sounding term for "Weird Mind Shit."  However, that is not actually what memetic means.  These words are memetic.  They are producing a memetic effect in your mind right now, without any magical mind rays lashing out of your computer monitor to grasp your fragile consciousness.  Memes are information, more specifically, cultural information.

Outside of the Foundation's walls the concept of memetics is not taken very seriously, it is a theory that conflates the transfer of cultural information with evolutionary biology.

meme : memetic :: gene : genetic

The idea was that certain memes prosper and others wither the same way certain genes produce stronger offspring that out-compete creatures with different genes.  Also, it is easy to compare the spread and mutation of information to the spread of a virus.  The reason we use the term memetic in our work is largely due to this, as the truly dangerous memes out there can spread like wildfire due to the fact that the very knowledge of them can count as an infection.

Understanding the true nature of memetic threats is critical to surviving them.  You cannot wear a special set of magical goggles made of telekill to protect yourself from a meme.  THE GOGGLES DO NOTHING.  If you just remembered every time you heard that quote, congratulations on being victim to yet another memetic effect.  If you did not know that phrase was an oft-repeated quote from the Simpsons, congratulations, you are now infected with that knowledge and are free to participate in its spread.

An artifact can no more have a memetic aura or project a memetic beam than a creature could have a genetic aura or genetic beam.  Even though you could imagine a creature with genes that allow it to produce some kind of aura or beam like a big doofy X-man, but the truth is that the impossible nonsense we are containing rarely works in a manner that can be understood by any science, let alone genetics or memetics.  That's why we contain these things.

Remember that the bizarre artifacts you may deal with in your line of work are not made up of lots of tiny little memes (with the exception of certain known entities which exist entirely within the medium of "cultural information" such as [[[SCP-732]]] and [[[SCP-423]]]).  The memes are all in your head already, and tragically sometimes you may be exposed to outside stimuli that forces you to react in an unnatural or harmful way because of those memes.  

Do you want to stop thinking about the Simpsons or your obnoxious nerdy roommate every time you hear the phrase THE GOGGLES DO NOTHING?  That would require forgetting about the Simpsons and your roommate.  

Do you want to survive hearing or reading the phrase "███ █████████ ██████?"  Well, sadly we don't quite know what other information you need to forget or know to prevent [DATA EXPUNGED] but we're getting better.  Lobotomies and pills help, and are one of the few times that cure is not worse than the disease.  The sum total of our human condition; our cultural knowledge and upbringing and memories and identity; this is what makes us susceptible to the occasional memetic compulsion.  

So it's not the basalt monolith or its bizarre carvings that is making you strangle your companions with your own intestines, the problem was within you all along.

Should you ever find yourself under a memetic compulsion and aware of the fact, remember that there are certain mental exercises that you can preform which may save your life or the lives of your companions.  Changing the information your mind is being presented with may just change how you react to it, and the more abrupt or absurd the change is the better.  

Imagine the fearsome entity is wearing a bright pink nightgown.  Draw a mustache on the haunted painting.  Pee on the stone altar.  Wear the terrible sculpture like a hat.

And if all else fails, bend over and kiss your ass goodbye.  I'm not kidding.  That could actually help.


//- Dr. Johannes Sorts received a special dispensation to use the word "doofy" in this document//
