title:Urban Exploration
[[>]]
[[module rate]]
[[/>]]

The museum was a fortress -- an abomination of empty rooms and hallways. There were no scientists in the laboratories or monsters in the cells. Windows were broken and security checkpoints were left unmanned. Vines wrapped themselves around long-broken computers, monitors, and machines. It was easy to get lost within its walls, and it was even easier to be forgotten and left to die within them.

At the end of a winding path that led halfway around the building, closed off from even the people that worked there, was a park. It could only hold seven or eight people at most. Patches of grass grew out of cracks in the rust-covered floor; most were dying, except for one spot underneath a hole in one of the walls where sunlight shined through. In its previous life, the park had been a courtyard used by sunken-eyed doctors and technicians. Their presence seemed to linger like an angry ghost within the room.

“Hey,” Bick called out over his shoulder, “check this out.”

He stepped through a vault door that had been left slightly ajar. His backpack couldn’t fit through the narrow gap, so he left it outside. Once inside, he took in the untouched scenery. Fresh air clashed with a metallic taste which permeated the space, each one threatening to overpower the other. In the center of the room was a statue of a soldier, stone musket in hand. At the base of the statue, buried under a crowd of leaves, was a plaque. Bick knelt down to get a better look.

“You know we’re not allowed back here, right?” said Joan, his foul-mouthed friend of eleven years. By some evil force of nature, they had been blessed with both the ability to sneak up on anyone and a loud, obnoxious voice. Bick’s heart jumped a beat, and he shook his head.

“The guide said we could look around,” he said.

“Only two hundred feet,” Joan replied. They slipped through the door and tried to pull Bick’s backpack through. With a little effort, it squeezed through the gap and fell to the floor with a soft thud.

“Isn’t this close enough?” Bick picked up his backpack and unzipped the main pocket to reveal a pair of triangle-shaped objects wrapped in three layers of tinfoil. He grabbed one for himself and tossed the other to Joan.

“Unless you walk at half-a-mile an hour, no. We’re definitely further out than that.” Joan leaned back against the side of the statue like they hadn’t even noticed it. They began to rip through the layers of tinfoil. “Dude, you’ve got to stop wrapping your sandwiches like they’re bombs.”

“I didn’t get sandwiches.” A smirk grew on Bick’s face as he tossed his backpack into one of the corners.

“So it’s the fucking Schrödinger’s cat of food? I’m never going to find out what’s inside until… How much money do you spend on this? Apparently not enough for your dumb ass to realize how--”

Joan tore open the wrapper with enough force to eject the cold slice of pizza inside. Almost in slow motion, Bick watched it fly through the air and land squarely on the statue’s chest. Joan froze up like they had just murdered someone. They carefully approached their mess and peeled off the remains of the pizza, only managing to save the crust and some of the sauce. Bick nearly collapsed in laughter.

“Man, you know what? Fuck cheese. Nobody even likes it anyway. The sauce is better.” Joan shot out excuse after excuse whilst Bick devoured his fully-intact slice. They didn’t bother to clean up after themselves.

“Heh, it’s like an anomaly.” Bick said.

“Yeah…” Joan replied.

As his laughter died down, silence fell upon the two. Joan slumped down across from him and chewed on her meal. His eyes began to wander the room, eventually landing on the hole in the wall which overlooked the ruins of the facility. A long line of buildings stretched out across the lands like a wagon train of concrete. At the center of it all was a windowless tower which breached the clouds and extended almost infinitely upwards. Its presence created a kind of dull tension within Bick, like he was looking at a resting giant that was moments away from awakening.

Painted on the side of the tower in bold black lettering was the word “Site-19”.

Bick wondered if he could ever work here. The tour guide had told them that, before the monsters faded away, thousands of people would fill these halls. Scared people, terrified people. People that appeared to almost be like him, but were in actuality worlds apart. They were the people that had protected humanity for thousands of years while he stayed blissfully unaware. He was useless compared to them.

Bick knew he could never sign away his life for somebody else’s safety. At least he could find solace in the fact that he had not been one of the countless number of people who had fallen prey to these abominations, only to have their memory wiped away with crude drugs and even cruder distribution methods.

“What’re you thinking about?” Joan said, mostly just to break the silence.

“Nothing,” Bick replied, lowering his head to his food. “I guess I’m still trying to process everything. Like, how did they keep this all under wraps? This place is giant, it’s like a city.”

“Didn’t the tour dude say something about how they put up a forcefield that stopped people from seeing it? They probably did something like that. The history of this place is wild. I can’t believe they got away with half of the things they did. It definitely would’ve turned into a new world order if the Pulse didn’t happen.”

“A lot of things would’ve been different in a world without it. But you know how he said that they had a drug that made people forget things? That got to me a little bit. Like, what if I saw some shit I shouldn’t have and I don’t even know it?”

“You didn’t. There’s what, around seven-thousand of those things in the entire database? For ten billion people? You’re more likely to get struck by lightning while collecting your lottery winnings on a plane that’s crashing than see one.”

“Yeah, but there’s still a chance.”

Joan’s face went cold and tightened up slightly. Almost like they knew what question Bick was going to ask next.

“You think -- you think we ever saw an SCP and just didn’t realize it?” He said.

“No. We didn’t. I literally just explained why.” Joan’s answer was direct, but it was tinged with anxiety. They gulped down the rest of their pizza, and tossed the crust and tinfoil away. They dusted off their knees as they rose. Glancing at their watch, a panicked look came over their face for a moment. “Don’t have a lot of time left.”

The two became quiet again. A gust of wind rushed through the room, blowing at the leaves which covered the statue’s plaque. Bick saw that he still had half of his pizza to go, but didn’t feel like taking even one more bite. He considered tossing it like Joan did, but chose to wrap it in tinfoil and hold onto it until he found a trash can.

“So, what’s this? Just some statue of an old white guy?” Joan had suddenly descended upon the statue, taking in every detail. They knelt in front of the plaque and brushed away the remaining debris. They studied its contents for a minute or two before uttering: “Hey, I think this might be an SCP.”

“Really?” In a split-second, Bick was to his feet, ready to run.

“No, it’s dead. I think it was put here after the pulse, like a memorial of some kind. There’s even a timeline down here of things they did after they died,” Joan continued.

Bick’s heart was still in alert mode, but his nerves had settled down. He walked over to the statue and nudged Joan out of the way for a better look. They did so after mumbling out the barest framework of an objection. Engraved in tiny bronze letters were a few short sentences, each connected to a specific date.

> Timeline:
> 2003-2004 - [http://www.scp-wiki.net/scp-011 SCP-011] reaches a human level of self-awareness
> 11.10.2004 - Containment procedures dropped, custody of SCP-011 transferred to █████████ █████
> 5.17.2005 - █████████ █████ reports that SCP-011 is romantically attracted to her
> 8.29.2006 - Most recent psych test reports an IQ of 133
> 3.12.2007 - SCP-011 and █████████ █████ wed, although their marriage is not legally or publicly recognized
> 5.25.2007 - █████████ █████ retires from the Foundation and retains custody of SCP-011
> 12.31.2010 - █████████ █████ falls ill and dies soon after. She is buried with paramilitary honors
> 2.29.2011 - SCP-011 becomes noticeably less mobile and intelligent. It is often observed within the cemetery which houses █████████ █████
> 3.12.2011 - SCP-011 loses all anomalous properties, reverting back to a normal statue at the gravesite of █████████ █████, and is transferred to Site-19

Bick looked up at the statue’s face. He studied the flaws and dents and chips which bruised its blank face. It even looked like a real statue. Its eyes were dry like rocks in an empty river. There were no folds in its coat or bullets in its musket. It stood just as a statue stands, as a single, lifeless, mindless piece of rock. It was a statue.

“Do you think it could maybe come back? Bring itself back to life, walk around and shoot things,” Bick muttered.

“Jesus,” Joan said in a snide tone, “what is this obsession you have with these things? Why do you care so much about whether you saw an SCP or whether you were an SCP or whether this SCP is real. It doesn’t matter; they’re all gone.”

“Am I not allowed to worry? We were both born before the Pulse. I’m just saying it’s possible. Why are you getting so worked up about this if it’s not a big deal?”

“Because you keep…” Joan groaned and pulled at their hair. “Because you keep bringing it up and I don’t want to think about that shit. I don’t want to know if I saw a monster or if I almost died from one or if some shit happened to my family or my friends. I don’t want to know and I don’t care. There’s nothing out there. No aliens, no monstrous parasites, nothing. It’s just the normal evil shit that people do to each other. It’s you and me and everyone else.”

All of the words that Bick had wanted to say evaporated in his throat as he watched Joan pace around the room. He had never thought about it that way before, like it was better to leave things in the past and forget them than let them build up in your mind. Bick searched for something to say.

“When are we supposed to get back?” he asked.

“We were supposed to be back like, five minutes ago,” Joan said.

“...Fuck me then. We should go.”

Joan nodded and began to push themselves through the vault door. Once they were outside, Bick spoke up.

“I’m sorry… about all of that.”

“Don’t worry about it. There’s nothing else, anyway, so there’s no point dwelling on shit that can’t hurt you. It’s just us, after all. Just good ol’ //homo sapiens//,” they said in that cheerful tone that they used when they want to change the subject but don’t know how.

Bick grabbed his backpack and carefully stepped through the vault door to avoid ripping another tear. They walked through the halls, Joan occasionally saying a joke they had remembered from the night before and Bick following in silence. The sun kept shining, the grass kept growing, and the building kept decaying. He looked back at the entrance to the park before it disappeared from view, and muttered to himself:

“It’s just us.”

@@ @@
@@ @@
@@ @@
@@ @@
@@ @@
@@ @@
@@ @@
@@ @@
@@ @@
@@ @@
