title:Virr
[[>]]
[[module Rate]]
[[/>]]

Everett, my good man. Please... Sit down. No, I insist.

It's time we had a chat, the two of us. No, I think this is the perfect time. It's not like we're going to get another.

You see, my boy, I understand you.  I understand you quiet perfectly. All the rest think you're varying levels of sinner and saint, that you somehow understand something special about us, that you might make the next, logical successor for one of us... They're all quite right, to some level. You certainly are passionate. I could see you doing anything to uphold the mission of the Foundation. Anything at all.

You should have done it already, Everett.  You should have found all thirteen of us, pulled out a gun, and shot us in the head.

Don't pretend that you hadn't already considered it. I know that you've got plans for us, for each of us, that would be at least moderately successful.  You'd probably have eliminated the bulk of them.  Probably.  Not me, though. Not that it matters now, anyway.

But now, it's too late.  Far, far too late.  We let things go on too long. Let the snowball.  I don't doubt that you'll struggle to the very end.  You strike me as the sort to, honestly.  Admirable.  

When did you first figure it out, Everett? What we were really doing?

Heh.  I suppose that makes sense. The Insurgency always was our biggest hole.  Could never find a way to explain it away... Agatha tried a few times, but... Ahh, well. Makes sense, I suppose... And when did you find out that we were—

Really? Hmm... Well, it's too late for that to matter now.  They've done it, whoever they are.  Whatever we called forth through that [http://www.scp-wiki.net/dr-manns-proposal blasted chink] in the universe's armor.  You want to know the best part, Doctor? I don't really feel any sort of regret. 

Yes, I know.  Completely mad. We'd have to be, for what we did.  But we were mad with a purpose... Creation... Blissful, glorious creation.  We were God in the garden, Everett. And we wanted you to join us so badly... You had so many fantastic ideas... Why, the Thaumiel initiative you proposed was sheer brilliance...

But it's too late, Everett. Far too late.  And now... Well, I know you keep the gun in your top, left hand drawer.  If you don't mind? On your way out?

Thank you, my boy.  And try to enjoy the last few moments you have. Rage, my boy! Rage against the dying of the lig—
