title:Visions of a Better World
It was such a simple idea, really. Barely a daydream, and yet... The proper forms were filed, the proper investigations taken, and, finally, everything approved. A single instance of [[[SCP-500]]] was fed through [[[SCP-786]]]. And then, fed through a second time. Then, the pill now being too large to once more fit through the funnel, a chunk was removed, and the test was repeated, for quite some time, resulting in a near infinite supply of SCP-500. The pills were crushed, powdered very fine... and then introduced into the world's water supply. Virtually over night, all diseases were cured. Behold, a better world.

...Or so they had thought. Alas, it was not meant to be. [[[SCP-500]]] was successfully re-purposed to cure all the world's ills, but what we failed to realize was that one Ill plagued the planet more than any other: **Man.**  One by one men died inexplicably, their bodies decomposing instantly in to dust so their corpses would not mar the landscape. The survivors either died of dehydration, or committed suicide right then and there, knowing that no hope remained. In time, the waters tainted by the pill washed away all of man's creation, leaving only pristine, untainted wildlife. A healthy world in all respects, but one without humans to enjoy it. I alone sit at this table, recording the last words of a dead species. My last words finished, I pick up the gun and...

-----

...Wake up. If only the world had gone out that way; so simple and so peaceful. Instead we tampered with forces we could not understand.

It was such a simple idea, really. Barely a day dream, and yet... The proper forms were filed, the proper investigations taken, and, finally, everything approved. Using [[[SCP-289]]] and a carefully timed set of scales and counterweights, engines and pulleys, we constructed a perpetual motion machine of such enormous scale that the entire world would be able to have unlimited free power forever. I can't tell you how we did it... hell, I don't even remember all the details. But I remember that day clearly, the day they first added SCP-289 to the device. "Nothing can go wrong" they told me. The naive fools...

The GOC warned us, then they attacked, but we fought them off and then wiped them out.  They were the heroes and we, the bad guys, won.  The entire disaster was a product of carelessness, but hell, we were cross-testing left and right and it really doesn’t get more careless than that.  

The World Engine was a giant fucking machine, and not just any conventional giant fucking machine.  Not a single drop of petroleum or a single ampere of electrical current ran through the World Engine.  Inertia had been shattered into bits; everything was kinetic, except for a couple cubed miles of water keeping the whole operation cooled down.  It was, in a word, old-school.   It was their style. 

It was just one SCP.  No big deal.  In the old days the higher-ups would have been scared shitless, but we were invincible now.  We lost track of a pile of rusty, salt-encrusted gears.  No big deal.

Seventy-two hours later, witnesses reported steam bursting from the coolant tanks of the World Engine.  Thirty minutes after that, we recorded the first heartbeats of the World Engine.  
-----

Desperate times called for desperate measures.  Psychics were running amok and sooner or later, probably sooner, the public would notice.  

We had found Prometheus Labs, found them and their recipes and their diagrams and reverse-engineered their crown jewel—[[[SCP-148]]], Telekill.  Mass production began on March 25th.  Come Fall the mist of Telekill descended upon the globe; tiny flakes of the metal, invisible to the human eye and completely harmless and unnoticeable when ingested or inhaled, but a death sentence to psychics and telepaths.

By winter, just about everything with a brain larger than a walnut was dead. 

Telekill did its job perfectly, but every human, maybe every sentient being, has a very limited capacity for psionics.  For almost all of us, it's barely there - those little flashes of what the other guy is thinking or the location of something when you couldn't possibly know that.  Petty occurrences, easily dismissed as coincidence or luck.   Occasionally someone gets an extra-large helping, but everyone gets some of it.

The dust didn't bother with degree. If you had even the slightest trace of ability, that made you first a target and then a victim. 

There are maybe a few thousand left. Those of us who managed to isolate our air and water supplies from the dust. But we can't leave, can't resupply and won't survive. Civilisation, gone in an eye-

-----

-blink. Must have dozed off. Understandable, we've all been going for 2 days or more to finish this.

It's a small change. Nothing serious, nothing wildly risky. Just some - alright, several million with the current breeding programme - pet kittens to get people in key positions a little more relaxed.  Hopefully, after everyone's spent a few days d'awwing over the nearest [[[SCP-2558-J]]] things will be...calmer. Quieter. Friendlier. And then, behold: a better world. 

Well... that's what they thought. See, here's the thing about those deadly little balls of fluff: they don't like sudden noises. We introduced them into the world, and of course, what do parents do? They give them to their children. Children are alright, I guess. Except that they can be loud.

I remember when it started. Two of the things had been brought to a home, and the children got so excited. But then they started to fight, and the little puffballs... puffed up. The resulting puffage caused the children (and their parents) to shriek and scream, which caused their neighbors (also proud owners of the things) to slam open their doors and ask, "What?!" This, of course, caused MORE puffsplosions, and before you knew it, with a shriek or a telephone ringing or anything like that, the world was FILLED with puffballs.

The worst part had to be that no one cared. The world was being drowned in puffballs. No one could breathe, or see, or anything. They just sat there and said 'Dawwwww...' They cooed over these things as they wiped out about half of humanity. The rest of us, though? We're down here, away from those things. Every now and then, when we run the tap, we get a puffball. It's simply unimaginable... and it feels like any second now we'll just...

------

239. It's perfect. She can change reality, right? Make things better? And we can control her. So, that's what we'll do, control her. Feed her a carefully crafted story, about how all the worlds governments decided to get together, and make the world a better place. And, fucked me if it didn't work! A world with no pollution, no war, and, even better, everyone can do magic!

Unfortunately, the one crippling flaw of this system, like so many others, was that it was dependent on a simple human being, who was susceptible to so many human flaws like emotion, temptation, greed, fear, and outright neglect. Putting 239 in power was like handing the world to every crackpot power hungry dictator that ever existed. The world and reality itself bent and warped to the whims of a prepubescent girl with no preconceptions of how the world has or should work. Her handlers foolishly thought that they had her under control, carefully feeding her the information only they wanted her to know. Little did they know that they were already under her spell, trapped within their own delusions.

The world soon became 239's sandbox, and like any child in a sandbox, she experimented. Continents were torn asunder, plagues of stuffed (and in some cases real) animals fell from the sky, and the planet kept shuffling from having one moon to six. 239 cared not for the suffering and deaths of countless people during these upheavals. She was never taught to comprehend the plight of people she knew nothing about. But like all humans, 239 eventually became bored with meddling with Earth's affairs. There had to be something better to do.

Then she looked up at the sky. She had done that many times before, but this time was different. Something deep and primeval stirred within her mind, another aspect of humanity that made her the most dangerous being of all. Curiosity.

And the stars themselves shall tremble...

------

War. War was everywhere and inevitable. From wars between countries right down to arguments in the street, conflict was simply considered a part of human nature, as natural to the species as eating and sleeping. But what if there was a way to change that? To eliminate war and conflict from the equation altogether?

Through aggressive breeding and cloning programs, huge flocks of [[[SCP-514]]] were manufactured. Enough flocks to cover the world in their miraculous aura. Things started off slow at first. After all, the birds needed time to properly disperse and cover ground. But slowly and surely, reports of their activity began trickling, and then flooding, in. Overnight, entire military bases and armies would disappear in a matter of seconds. Armories and weapon caches would suddenly be stocked with broken weaponry, and people who were once mortal enemies embraced each other with open arms.

With no weapons and no aggression, the world finally knew true peace. At least for a time.

Too bad it didn't work on the things which needed it most. The old man, the Lizard, Able, the red pool... nothing could stop them. The pool was still angry. It knew it was free to attack. It spawned countless creations of fire, claws, poisons... They broke out within seconds. The Americas were turned into hellholes in a week. Then Able got free. Countless Keter objects made it out. After three days from his escape, nothing was left. [[[SCP-514]]] turned the world to dust.

Those of us who survived used less than friendly SCP's and objects. Many of our staff are lacking in //something// from begging the desk for help, and others are mutated and altered to the point where death looks like a better option in hindsight. At least humanity has a remote chance of survival, even if it's all for naught.

----

Clockwork. Simple? Check.  Compatable? Check. Perfect? No. We realized that the hard way. It was just months after we released the Clockwork Virus upon the world in order to rid the less than useful problems of transplants and the complexities of biology. Nothing would be more simple for humanity if everyone could understand brain surgery, and a tree could be remade to be a leg, right?

And it was simple. So simple. So mind-numbingly simple and perfect. But that's the point, it was mind-numbing. There were no emotions, no ingenuity, no curiosity. And as one machine we decided life had no point, there was nothing to strive for. And we died.

----

Or that was what the test group wrote to us before they killed themselves. Poor fellows.

But there was something that did have a successful test group. We were on the brink of war, and it seems the human race would destroy itself. That was when administration made a decision to release [[[SCP-444]]] Upon the world.

...It worked beautifully at first. Entire armies slowly transformed into peaceful communities, first led by pacifists, then by carefully selected Foundation agents. We steered the world towards a perfect state, without conflict of any kind. We learned to adapt to a purely vegetarian lifestyle, as farmhands grew steadily unable to summon the agression to kill livestock. We grew used to the restriction of medical procedures, as physicians became unable to cut or suture and pharmaceutical animal testing ended. We grew used to the unceasing baby boom of 5 and 7 and 10 and 15 children per family. But then things came to a head as finally, there were no more leaders, no more uninfected agents, no more unconcerned O5s. And then we grew used to the televised images of mass starvations not just in undeveloped, forgotten countries, but in Japan and France and Norway and America. And then we grew used to ourselves searching for that last bag of sugar, that last pot of rice, that last can of peas. And then we grew used to chewing grass and twigs into a paste for the silent children. And then we died, weak and hungry. And then the babies wept, still silent, as their limbs shriveled and their bellies swelled. And then the babies died, with no one to care for them or mourn them.

-----

The decision was made. Foundation researchers finally received permission to conduct a large-scale system of exposure to [[[SCP-028]]]. Dozens of people would be sent through the empty storage yard every day and thoroughly interviewed and, if need be, interrogated to determine what they had learned. Every scrap of information would be recorded, analyzed and, if deemed sufficiently valuable, released to the general public.

The first month alone resulted in designs for a cold-fusion plant that could power a city the size of London indefinitely, the composition of a fertilizer that would break down harmlessly in seawater and the name of the designer of [[[SCP-914]]]. The Foundation, through its numerous fronts, was rapidly able to improve the quality of life of almost every human on Earth, providing the world with the technologies and knowledge it needed to become a better place.

Then James Harrison Reuben walked through the yard.

James Harrison Reuben was a cable repairman from Topeka, Kansas. A blue-collar worker in a simple, menial job. A perfect receptacle for knowledge. We sent him in with visions of new advancements and beautiful new technologies dancing through our heads.

He came out with the knowledge of how to conquer the world.

It's been seven years since then. His armies and death squads march through the streets of every city in the world. Every battle is a devastating victory: how can it be otherwise, when he has perfect knowledge of all our battle plans before they even happen? It is only a matter of time before he overruns our final stronghold. 

I'm sending this message out through our wide-band radio transmitter on the off chance that someone will get this message. I'm doing this because the last transmission of our intelligence operatives, before they went dark, shows that Reuben is building space ships. Hundreds of them, lined up in ranks stretching across the Florida coastline.

But I can't shake the feeling that maybe this is all part of his plan as well. . .

-----
"Why didn't anyone think of it before!?" they said. "It's the perfect solution!" they exclaimed. "We'll just shoot [[[SCP-231]]] into SPACE!"

So we did! Loaded her up onto a booster rocket for a "communications" satellite and shot her straight towards the sun, wiped off our hands, and congratulated each other on a job well done. Now we don't need to live with the knowledge that brutal and horrible things are being done to a little girl every day!

Um. . . yeah.

All it took was a single incorrectly fixed plate on the rocket. The whole thing blew up in the atmosphere, releasing a monstrosity outside the foundation's range of control. The damn thing survived the fall, ravaging it's way across the planet, killing everything in it's path. We weaponized everything we could, sent everything at it, but we couldn't stop it. Now we have no choice but to try and evacuate everything in it's path, to hope we can stop it before it wipes out what remains of humanity.

----

[[[SCP-343]]]- he's perfect right? The one true god, worshiped by all religions. All we had to do was ask him to appear to the world. Grant a few miracles, talk to the religious leaders of the planet. Before you know it, all religious war, gone. People have no reason to kill each other over differences, now that everyone believes in the same faith. And he can provide scarce resources, like food and oil. All war gone, all of civilization is now free to focus on advancement, to work towards a golden age of humanity.
