title:Visons of a Better World
It was such a simple idea, really. Barely a daydream, and yet... The proper forms were filed, the proper investigations taken, and, finally, everything approved. A single instance of [[[SCP-500]]] was fed through [[[SCP-786]]]. And then, fed through a second time. Then, the pill now being too large to once more fit through the funnel, a chunk was removed, and the test was repeated, for quite some time, resulting in a near infinite supply of SCP-500. The pills were crushed, powdered very fine... and then introduced into the world's water supply. Virtually over night, all diseases were cured. Behold, a better world.

...Or so they had thought. Alas, it was not meant to be. [[[SCP-500]]] was successfully re-purposed to cure all the world's ills, but what we failed to realize was that one Ill plagued the planet more than any other: **Man.**  One by one men died inexplicably, their bodies decomposing instantly in to dust so their corpses would not mar the landscape. The survivors either died of dehydration, or committed suicide right then and there, knowing that no hope remained. In time, the waters tainted by the pill washed away all of man's creation, leaving only pristine, untainted wildlife. A healthy world in all respects, but one without humans to enjoy it. I alone sit at this table, recording the last words of a dead species. My last words finished, I pick up the gun and...

-----

...Wake up. If only the world had gone out that way; so simple and so peaceful. Instead we tampered with forces we could not understand.

It was such a simple idea, really. Barely a day dream, and yet... The proper forms were filed, the proper investigations taken, and, finally, everything approved. Using [[[SCP-289]]] and a carefully timed set of scales and counterweights, engines and pulleys, , we constructed a perpetual motion machine of such enormous scale that the entire world would be able to have unlimited free power forever. I can't tell you how we did it... hell, I don't even remember all the details. But I remember that day clearly, the day they first added SCP-289 to the device. "Nothing can go wrong" they told me. The naive fools...

The GOC warned us, then they attacked, but we fought them off and then wiped them out.  They were the heroes and we, the bad guys, won.  The entire disaster was a product of carelessness, but hell, we were cross-testing left and right and it really doesn’t get more careless than that.  

The World Engine was a giant fucking machine, and not just any conventional giant fucking machine.  Not a single drop of petroleum or a single ampere of electrical current ran through the World Engine.  Inertia had been shattered into bits; everything was kinetic, except for a couple cubed miles of water keeping the whole operation cooled down.  It was, in a word, old-school.   It was their style. 

It was just one SCP.  No big deal.  In the old days the higher-ups would have been scared shitless, but we were invincible now.  We lost track of a pile of rusty, salt-encrusted gears.  No big deal.

Seventy-two hours later, witnesses reported steam bursting from the coolant tanks of the World Engine.  Thirty minutes after that, we recorded the first heartbeats of the World Engine.  
-----

Desperate times called for desperate measures.  Psychics were running amok and sooner or later, probably sooner, the public would notice.  

We had found Prometheus Labs, found them and their recipes and their diagrams and reverse-engineered their crown jewel—[[[SCP-148]]], Telekill.  Mass production began on March 25th.  Come Fall the mist of Telekill descended upon the globe; tiny flakes of the metal, invisible to the human eye and completely harmless and unnoticeable when ingested or inhaled, but a death sentence to psychics and telepaths.

By winter, just about everything with a brain larger than a walnut was dead. 

Telekill did its job perfectly, but every human, maybe every sentient being, has a very limited capacity for psionics.  For almost all of us, it's barely there - those little flashes of what the other guy is thinking or the location of something when you couldn't possibly know that.  Petty occurrences, easily dismissed as coincidence or luck.   Occasionally someone gets an extra-large helping, but everyone gets some of it.

The dust didn't bother with degree. If you had even the slightest trace of ability, that made you first a target and then a victim. 

There are maybe a few thousand left. Those of us who managed to isolate our air and water supplies from the dust. But we can't leave, can't resupply and won't survive. Civilisation, gone in an eye-

-----

-blink. Must have dozed off. Understandable, we've all been going for 2 days or more to finish this.

It's a small change. Nothing serious, nothing wildly risky. Just some - alright, several million with the current breeding programme - pet kittens to get people in key positions a little more relaxed.  Hopefully, after everyone's spent a few days d'awwing over the nearest [[[SCP-2558-J]]] things will be...calmer. Quieter. Friendlier. And then, behold: a better world. 

Well... that's what they thought. See, here's the thing about those deadly little balls of fluff: they don't like sudden noises. We introduced them into the world, and of course, what do parents do? They give them to their children. Children are alright, I guess. Except that they can be loud.

I remember when it started. Two of the things had been brought to a home, and the children got so excited. But then they started to fight, and the little puffballs... puffed up. The resulting puffage caused the children (and their parents) to shriek and scream, which caused their neighbors (also proud owners of the things) to slam open their doors and ask, "What?!" This, of course, caused MORE puffsplosions, and before you knew it, with a shriek or a telephone ringing or anything like that, the world was FILLED with puffballs.

The worst part had to be that no one cared. The world was being drowned in puffballs. No one could breathe, or see, or anything. They just sat there and said 'Dawwwww...' They cooed over these things as they wiped out about half of humanity. The rest of us, though? We're down here, away from those things. Every now and then, when we run the tap, we get a puffball. It's simply unimaginable... and it feels like any second now we'll just...

------

Nightmare! Every time I close my eyes they keep appearing! Every one of us! We shouldn't have told [[[SCP-239]]] everything, but it just happened!

We told her the truth. What we have to face, what lurks around the corner, what is happening constantly... we asked for help!

She thought about it, and then she...

-----

... she's only a child. She's still scared of the dark. She still believes in all the bad dreams and goblins that children are expected to. She's heard us cry out in fear against the nightmares we face. We were idiots, we didn't take into account how impressionable she is. She felt these real horrors we face were beyond her ability. And thus they become so. 

...

Of course, this is all hypothetical. I almost wish that we used the kittens or her. It would have been less unpleasant. Instead, we sent entire squads of Agents into [[[SCP-110]]]. We scoured the entire place over the course of a few weeks, taking schematics and technology, hoping to find something of use. We did; we found reactor schematics, methods to create new alloys, ultra-long lasting power cells, even improved agricultural methods. Production and implementation began immediately. New technology was introduced to the planet, and Foundation cover companies became massive forces in the financial world. The entirety of the human race benefited. 

Until... It... came. It... I don't even know. It came from 110. Why did we go in there.

I can't tell if it ate them all, or what. It just marched across the planet.  Everything's dead. I mean everything. It took every weapon we threw at it, every shot, every SCP. 682, Able, the shadow... It killed them all. I think. I don't even know...

------

...why the fuck we used [[[SCP-217]]]. It was stupid as hell. The benefits of a fully compatable world, where a transplant from a cat is as god as another man were understandably ideal, be the risks we took. The things that resulted...
