title:Wade Williams Distribution Presents:
[[=]]

When I was born, I screamed.

And my mother proclaimed it the best sound ever uttered by any being
A thrill of terror
Echoing stereoscopic 3D howling to the void in sheer horror and joy at my own existence
The sphere rotating forever in and of itself
Because itself

And the heavens screamed with me.

And I sat and rejoiced in it

Like the roller coaster lifting up and swooping around and around the bend 
And the fly of cotton candy and popcorn following the cars' wake
The thrill of pleasureterror filled every atom of my body and the void
Howling to the void
Like a billion bubble machine


As I grew up, I traveled the cosmos seeking fear.
Seeking to inspire it and fill others with what had filled me
A wild thing I was
Proud and strong
Until one day I found a place
And when I was there again, many times older than before, I found so much of it
Raw and animal 
Patterns screaming to the void like I had once done.

Then the priestess Shamhat found me there at the Drive-In Theatre.
And she opened her legs to me and I found myself drawn towards some unknowable thing
Some horrible end.
We made love together without stopping for six days and seven nights
And at the end of it I found I was not the thing I had been before
And I was afraid of it

Then the hero Beowulf found me sitting there
Naked and covered from top to bottom in popcorn and my own ejaculate
And he slew me with his red convertible Chevy.
He slew me over and over again.
Crushing me beneath his tires.
And, dying I slunk back to my mother 
And together we made love under the black moon
While she nursed my wounds and I lay dying
And I was afraid of it.

And I faced off against Diomedes on the battlefields of Illium
He came at me with his pistols and his motorcycle
An unstoppable foe unable to face inertia's golden truth,
Brandishing a spear topped with a canister of 35 millimeter film
Driving me back to the boats with my woulds still aching
Where I would face eternity
Where the lizards would stop moving
And the spaceships wouldn't land
And I was afraid

It was the greatest thing to ever happen to me.

And that was the end of the whole thing.

The movie was over. 

I was adrift in the void that once nourished me
Cold and empty.
Ready for the next bit of Smell-O-Vision or paper skeleton flying over the audience to lure me to my seats.
The next screening

This is the truth of my existence.
I fell through the cinema until all I had was my quest and no way to understand it.
No way to know.
Basking in the thrill of not knowing
Of being lost
Howling to the void
Content to change shape
[[[SCP-2006|In fear]]]

[[/=]]
