title:Wayfarers
[[>]]
[[module Rate]]
[[/>]]

The sound of construction filled what would have otherwise been the serene quiet of a forest clearing. Around the perimeter of the clearing, Foundation Site-93 was being put up at a slow but steady pace. A small army of construction workers rushed back and forth among the skeletons of several incomplete buildings. Indeed, once finished, Site-93 would stand to be one of the greatest Foundation sites yet.

At the clearing’s center, however, stood an entirely different structure. Seemingly untouched by the changing landscape around it was a pile of branches of various lengths and tree types stacked in such a manner as to resemble a door frame. A group of sixteen people stood in two lines in front of the structure. Each person was dressed in the uniforms of an exploratory Mobile Task Force, the patches on their shoulder’s indicating that they were members of Eta-13 “Gulliver’s Tourists.”

At the front of the right pillar was a tall, thickly built agent named Sgt. Darren Wells. A small insignia on his patch indicated that he was the commanding officer of the task force’s security division. As he looked over the various members, he slowly went over a small checklist in his mind of equipment, logistics, loadout and all the other ins and outs of the crew he was charged to protect. Satisfied, he nodded and began to speak.

“Alright ladies and gentlemen,” his voice carried over the din of the construction. “In approximately ten minutes we will be entering the Gate. Please use this time to make sure you have everything you were assigned, for once we pass through the threshold, we’ll be on a one way path until the mission is complete.”

The various members of the task force each visibly shifted in place as they made sure they were ready to go. It was at this time that the man standing at the head of the left pillar, a short, sociocultural anthropologist with thin rimmed glasses named Dr. Johnna Baldric delivered his own speech.

“While you’re at it,” he began, “Be sure that you each have your individual pair of chicken’s feet on you, and that you do not lose it along the way. Those items are your ticket in and out of the Gate and its many destinations. If you lose them, you’re S.O.L. until we can return here to get you a new set. If you end up stuck in our current destination you’ll be dead long before we get the chance to recover you.”

Once again, the members of the task force responded by checking their person to ensure that everything was as it should be. Satisfied that they were ready, Wells gave a nod and spoke again.

“Alright,” he said, “once we arrive at our destination, all security personnel are to stick with your assigned researcher. Please listen carefully, as I don’t want to repeat this list more than I have to. Turner and Welsh are with Dr. Hayes. Stevens and Johnson are with Dr. Gonzalez. Candle and Fredrick are with Researcher Bell. The rest of you will be with me and Dr. Baldric. Clear?”

The task force erupted with a unified, “Yes sir.” This caused Wells to smile and turn to face the Gate.

“Show time,” he whispered.

With a smooth motion Baldric removed a small container from a large pouch on his pack and zipped it open, pulling out a set of dried chicken’s feet which he held aloft. The space within the door frame began to shimmer and warp, eventually becoming opaque. Baldric returned the chicken’s feet to the pouch and then turned to the team to give a sharp nod. 

One by one, they passed through the Gate and onto the other side, the crossing causing conflicting sensations to each member of the task force. Their sight went completely white, while their skin felt as if they had stepped into a hot bath. At the same time, streaks of ice felt as if they were wrapping themselves around their spines. By the time their vision had returned to them, they found themselves within a large underground tunnel carved into what appeared to be packed soil. The tunnel extended beyond their limited line of site, as if it went on infinitely.

“For those of you who are first timers,” Baldric said as the task force regrouped, “Welcome. You’re in for a treat.”

Without another moment lost, the two pillars reformed, and began the long trek to an exit over two dozen miles away.

-----

For most of the trip, the various members of Eta-13 marched in silence, the damp environment of the dirt tunnels passing them by seamlessly. Only a periodic fork or intersection in the path, leading off to one of the Gate’s many exits indicated that the group had made any progress in their journey.

Eventually, a young physicist with long black hair named Joseph Bell broke the silence by mumbling under his breath, “Thought there would be more to this.”

To his right was a tall and lanky man with a medic’s patch visible on his uniform chuckled and turned his head to the young man. His name was Agent James Candle.

“What’s that, champ?” he asked, an amused smile came to his lips.

“I thought there would be more here,” Bell said with a sigh. “Everyone I had asked back at 93 said the Gate Passage was ‘beyond description.’ A dirt tunnel seems pretty easy to describe to me.”

“This is your first time through the Gate then?” Candle asked, one eyebrow raised.

“Yeah,” Bell shrugged. “I’m pretty underwhelmed to be honest.”

Two security personnel in line in front of Bell snickered at this comment. Rolling his eyes, Bell turned back to Candle.

“Just give it a few more minutes, kid,” Candle gave Bell a friendly pat on the shoulder. “You’ll see what all the buzz is about.”

It was then that the passage began to descend, diving down sharply and then opening suddenly. The dirt walls gave way to a polished obsidian passage, perfectly smooth and circular. A dim light was visible beneath the floor, pulsating every few minutes to change color, causing the entire passage to glow vibrantly. Red, blue, yellow, green, purple, white, orange, and all mixtures in between filled Bell’s eyes with wonder. The obsidian walled section of the passage continued onwards in very much the same manner as the previous dirt section had, the shining tube stretching far off into the horizon. Candle laughed as he watched the young researcher’s mouth hang slightly open.

“Like they all said, champ,” Candle smiled, “beyond description. Come on, let’s not fall behind.”

-----

At the front of the pillars of Eta-13 agents and researchers, Dr. Baldric and Sgt. Wells still took the lead, the two keeping the rest of the team moving at a brisk pace.

“How many more of these runs are we going to make so lightly armed?” Wells whispered, breaking the silence between the two of them.

“We’re a diplomatic expeditionary force Darren,” Baldric said in a low voice, glancing sideways at his comrade. “If you want to blow something up, might I suggest switching to Psi-7?”

“You know that is not what I mean at all,” Wells replied. “Sending us in here armed with pistols and assault rifles, then expecting us  to be able to defend ourselves against gods and demons is not only dangerous, it's fucking stupid.”

“I’m not having this debate with you again,” Baldric shook his head. “At least not here. Take it up with Director Krieger when we get back.”

“Johnna, we’re in a goddamn Way!” Wells hissed. “At least 15% of these passages lead directly to the Wanderer’s Library. How much longer do you think it’s going to be before we run into Hand agents, or something worse? Not everything in in the multiverse can be killed with bullets…”

Wells suddenly froze, and raised his hand for the party to stop. Baldric raised a finger to question the action, but bit his tongue when Wells put a finger to his lips and took the assault rifle from the agent behind him.

“We’re being watched,” he whispered, raising the weapon and taking aim. Several moments passed in sheer silence before eventually the trigger was pulled, the sound echoing through the tunnel as a small burst flew through the air, sending sparks flying when they hit their target. A mechanical squeal could be heard as something fell from the ceiling of the tunnel almost a hundred feet away. 

Within a few seconds, the entire team had prepared for combat, slowly closing in on the kill. What they found was a mechanical spider, with what appeared to have been a large glass ball in place of an abdomen. The engraving of a snake wrapping around a hand was present on its head.

Silence fell among the group as the members of Eta-13 turned to their leaders for further orders.

“We carry on as planned,” Baldric eventually said, closing his eyes and rubbing the bridge of his nose with his fingers. “It’s not much further until the exit we need. In the meantime, keep an eye out for anyone or anything else trying to get the drop on us.”

The lines reformed and soon returned to the previous order of marching. After several minutes, Wells leaned in towards Baldric.

“Now you know they're watching us,” Well’s hissed. Baldric conceded a slow nod, looking over his shoulder as Eta-13 continued onward into infinity.
