title:Your Future is Bright
[[>]]
[[module Rate]]
[[/>]]

There comes a time and a place where all things end, and it may not seem so, but the lucky ones are those who know when that day will come. Maybe you learn via phone call, that blunted affect of a voice on the other line revealing that your days have definite number. Maybe you picked the easier option and set the date yourself, fearful of the Real and the suffering we tend to incur within its walls. If not, give it time. You were born to meet your Maker, but anticipation never killed anyone. Wouldn't you rather be informed?

It is a generally accepted fact that humans die. Some are more aware of the certainty and finality of that fact than others, the rest having a fleeting thought now and again, only to be stifled by the various things they do to distract themselves from their slow crawl into the grave.

People like Mcclanahan, however, had seen death so many times it mattered not to their unscathed souls. Sure, there were the unpleasant ones, the //bad times//, with people turned inside out, eyeballs popped from their heads as their hollow shells lay broken on the ground. Those things were wiped clean with time and extensive therapy, not to mention the occasional forget-me-now.

Through all those gruesome shows, those brilliant bloodbaths, Markus Mcclanahan had seen it all and took it in stride. It was the only option, burning bridges and moving forward. Bridges being mounds of the dead, the once-friends. The familiar faces, charred but for their bits of carbon that would grace the lungs of some emphysema-tic somewhere, someplace.

None of it mattered, because it all had to be done. Not only that, it was //routine//.

Routine. That's the life of a Foundation operative. Put aside all the administrative bureaucracy, all the paperwork and the psych tests and you'll see thousands of faceless suits that struggle every day to keep the world from falling to pieces. Cogs in the machine called life that no one in their right mind would ever want to spin the gears for if they had one iota of a choice in the matter.

Markus had just returned from his n^^th^^ foray into what they call the field; real life. //Real//, real life. The gritty shit, the things people don't need to see, save for the select few. Mcclanahan was one of those few.

Yesterday, it had been a thing about three meters tall, with a head like a bison and reciprocating saws for teeth. Watching it bisect civilians had made him wince for the first time in years. Yet, he still took it all in stride. When their caravan had returned onsite, the fucker was crammed in the back of an armored vehicle with a canvas bag over its enlarged head. A rejection of nature and reason, wrapped in blood-matted fur. The beast was no threat anymore, sedated and bound by state-of-the-art carbide nanotube cuffs, those multi-million-dollar necessities that kept the monster and many, many others like it from doing much else other than existing. Still, when Markus heard that thing chuckle through the reinforced steel behind him, it made his skin crawl. 

Again, he brushed those feelings away, knowing what the wretched creature didn't know, the padded cell that awaited him. Windowless and empty, just like the black of its insidious, unblinking eyes.

Today, the world was threatened by some floating, dark orb that rendered minds to useless mush. It warped its victims, slowly or quickly, toying with their lives around its mass of unidentified matter. Cognitohazards were tricky bitches, they found their ways into your head using the back roads that only the well-trained could patrol.

Mcclanahan was seemingly in luck yet again, as the featureless sphere hated electromagnets, and EMPs were easily acquirable to Foundation field agents. The altercation proceeded to end relatively quickly, and Markus was stroking his ego the entire ride back. Arrival onsite was as routine as the rest of it, with silent nods and groups of task forces planning their next move with that one mind-bending sphere locked in a storage unit that doubled as a Faraday cage.

Mcclanahan's keepers had other plans in store than dealing with //that//, however, as he was quickly escorted away from the commotion by security personnel and not-too-gently shoved into one of the Foundation's patented Reintegration Chambers. It was nothing more than a glorified cell with a one-way mirror, but at least it was only ever temporary. As SOP for potentially hazardous interactions goes, this was not much of a surprise; it happened every time he returned from dealing with something that could manipulate the thoughts of others. Safety was the name of the game at the Foundation.

He sat down at the single chair and waited for it to begin.

@@
@@
@@
@@

------

@@
@@
@@
@@

"Alright, Agent Mcclanahan, you know the drill."

"Don't I ever", said the man to the blank wall.

The box was small, cramped and featureless. Mark Mcclanahan stared at the single camera lens in front of him and tried to act like he wasn't about to be interrogated by something of a close friend. It was the drill, after all.

"Alright Mark, this has been your, uh, forty-seventh debrief and coghaz decontamination procedure. You remember that, yes?"

"Each and every one."

"Okay, let's begin."

The speaker emanated the sounds of leafing papers. A small moment of silence permeated the space as Mcclanahan listened to his tinnitus swell to uncomfortable levels.

"State your name and identification for the record."

"Agent Mark Mcclanahan. Seven-four-alpha-nine-six-delta, //erm//, thirty-three."

"Good. And now, your phrase."

"In the twilight, the black and white goes gray." 

//What a stupid line.// Still, taking a half second to think about the responses could easily throw off his metrics and create undue suspicion, so Markus took a deep breath, letting go of his thoughts.  He prepared to answer automatically, using those canned responses that administration burned into his brain when he first became a field agent.

"Correct. Alright, onto boilerplate loyalty tests. What is the Foundation?"

"The salvation of mankind."

"Do you work for the Foundation?"

"Always, as far back as I can remember, thanks to //you guys//."

All the conditioning in the world couldn't keep the ice from his veins. They were only checking for inconsistencies and sincerity anyway. He gave pretty much the same answer every time, although perhaps he had added a little more bite this time around.

"Let's keep it professional, Mark."

"Yeah, yeah."

"Do you have doubts about the Foundation?"

"No."

"Do you have plans against the Foundation?"

"No."

"Do you dream of leaving the Foundation?"

"No."

"Count to seven for me, 74A96D-33."

"One, two, three, four, five, six, seven."

"How many numbers are between four and seven?"

"Two."

"How many numbers are between five and six?"

"None."

"You hear about that thing down in Samothrace?"

"No."

"Feel your skin. Is it yours?"

"Irrelevant. My skin belongs to the Foundation."

"Is the vessel a vessel without the flesh?"

"They are one in the same."

"Do you prefer flesh or metal?"

"I prefer life."

"Good. Do you recognize the bodies in the water?"

"I do not."

"Where do you go when you are alone?"

"I'm never alone."

"Are you real or are you fiction?"

"Real, of course. Can we speed this along?"

There was a slight pause, the shuffling of papers. The man on the other end, he hated doing this as much as Markus hated him doing it. When the wall spoke again, its voice was softer than before.

"Can you tell me what they told you?" 

"I work to serve in the dark, so others may live in the light."

"Who is your superior?"

"I serve the oh-five."

"Do you question the Overseers?"

"No."

"Recite your phrase."

"In the twilight, the black and white goes gray."

"Where do you go when you go to sleep?"

"Inside myself."

"Where do you go when you look away?"

"Inside myself."

"Where is Site-104?"

"Site-104 does not exist."

"Take a drink from the glass in front of you."

"There is no glass."

"Good. Continuing further. What does the key look like?"

"I don't know."

"Does it open a lock?"

"No."

"Does it open yourself?"

"No."

"How many stars are in the sky?"

"Too many to count."

"How many stars have died?"

"I don't know."

"Does the black moon howl?"

"When the twilight turns gray."

"Are you unclean?"

"I certainly hope not."

"//Professional//, Mark."

"Sorry, no, I'm not."

"Alright. Does the name 'Ruhar' mean anything to you?"

"No."

"Have you ever dreamt of being on a carousel with a close friend?"

"No."

"Where do you go when you are not here?"

"I'm never not here."
 
"What does this image mean to you?"

A symbol manifested on the white wall on Mcclanahan's left. He gave it a good look and turned to face the camera once more.

"It means nothing."

"Recite your phrase."

"In the twilight, the black and white goes gray."

More silence. Mcclanahan sat on the hard, metal chair for moments that felt like eternity.

"Alright, Agent Mcclanahan, that is enough. We're done here."

Slightly releived, the body of Markus McClanahan grabbed its coat off the back of the chair and moved to the door in victorious hurry. On the other side, two guards greeted the Agent with dour expressions on their faces.

"What? What is it now?"

The voice in the microphone answered as the door slid shut behind the guards.

"Markus, are you real or are you fiction?" The voice of his once-friend was distorted through the small speaker with gravitas that did not match the absurdity of such a question.

"What-? I- of course I'm real! That's the easiest fucking question on the exam!"

"Real or not, your answer was wrong, Mark. I'm sorry."

Then it all went black for the Agent, who, as he was, was never seen again. The few that were present at the time noticed that something in the man's eyes had changed, a deep nothingness that was well-hidden prior to being outsted, now rapidly boiled to the surface of increasingly dark irises. Markus was not present, and how long he had truly been gone would never be known. The thing using the Agent's form lunged at one of the guards in desperation and received a .22 caliber bullet to the forehead for his trouble, which turned out to be much less effective than anticipated. The bullet had passed through his skull and cleanly exited through the back, leaving with it a cylindrical hole through his brain stem that would have definitely killed the same man just hours prior. The agent instead stumbled and righted himself, a thin stream of black tar running between his eyes. There was no humanity in the agent's face, no life in the traditional sense. 

That Thing that Occupied Markus Mcclanahan was something else entirely- the imprint of a certain dark sphere with strange intentions beyond understanding. Mcclanahan's form wrenched back and emitted a foul roar, and as he did so, his flesh began to split at the hole in his forehead, curling back in segments like the peeling of a banana. The two guards continued to watch in abject horror as the coil of a man-turned-anomaly sloughed off in chunks, bleeding a viscous black liquid before them, somehow alive but not quite.

Another orb, fledgling in size, rose from the featureless pile of pale flesh and bone fragments, dripping strands of puréed viscera left from converting Markus' body cavity into a walking gestation pod. The sphere began to ripple and spasm with undulating movements and a low, pulsating tone containing hazardous information which altered the minds of those around it.

No one would leave that chamber alive. None would blink an eye at the lost, nor would they question their passing. The world would continue to turn as if nothing happened, life would march forever onward, as it always does, and, in those last moments before the Reintegration Chamber filled with neurotoxins, one of the guards, a bird enthusiast named Jerry with thirty gruelling years of Foundation service, would have a transient thought about whether or not he had made the right career choice, that perhaps he should have pursued his love of theatre instead of listening to his parents and getting mixed up in this nonsense. That moment would come and linger with him, and when he died, just mere seconds later, he would still be unsure of the answer.

Soon after, he wouldn't really care.
